,type,case,age,race,gender,detail,heritage,c’ship,comm sz,spirit prior,spirit after,rel prior,rel after,comments prior,comm after,rel lit,rel service,strength rel conv,rel influ,income,educ,occp prior,occp after,mar stat prior,mar stat after,relship change,conv strength,content of NDE,agegroup
0,ME ,1512,42,,F,I was feeling overwhelmed with grief and confusion and I said out loud give me a signI kept shouting WHY WHY! And as I started my engine a car pulled up next to me in the empty parking lot. It was a deacon. I jumped out and hugged him tightly and wept as he let me grieve. He was there to get ready for a baptism.I felt very comforted and loved.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Adminis,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1,OBE,1054,27,,F,"my consciousness popped out of my body and up over the SUV. I was floating about three feet above the roof. I could see the burgundy color, along with the four metal strips that were supposed to pass for a luggage rack. I took a greater interest in the lush trees and foliage to my right as the SUV continued along the bridge and the land dropped away. With just the slightest desire to have a closer look, I plunged over the side of the bridge and followed the tree line all the way down to the river, a considerable drop of 876 feet. I could see every leaf, every detail. As I skimmed over the water, I could see every rock beneath its surface. Then I headed back up the other side, keeping pace with the SUV my body still resided in. I came along side the vehicle, but I was still curious about the landscape, so I willed myself to separate from the SUV and go off on my own. I had no fear of doing this. I did not feel any excitement or anxiety. I only felt peace, joy and fascination. As I continued to float along the tops of the trees, however, they began to change. They no longer looked like earthly trees. The greens became iridescent, billowing, undulating. Then other colors were added to the greens \xe2\x80\x93 otherworldly colors that glowed as if lit from behind by the sun.  Then the SUV\xe2\x80\x99s driver spoke, and like a shot, I was back in my body. I instantly sat up in my chair and swatted his arm. \xe2\x80\x9cWhy did you have to talk??!\xe2\x80\x9d I asked with just a touch of irritation. He and his wife looked at me as if I had lost my mind until I explained what had happened. They are open-minded spiritual people, and they believed me.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,Graphic,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2,DEE,1177,43,,F,"After hanging up the phone with my younger sister, I said out loud that as a family we could not endure another experience with cancer. My father had died of a glioblastoma at age 54 in 1978. I prayed with concern over my sisters initial test results and began to cry uncontrollably. Very suddenly, I began to feel an exceptionally warm energy burning beneath my stomach but above my abdomen. This warm energy began slowly traveling up through the center of my body. By the time it entered my head, I had received knowledge that my sisters test results would turn out to show a benign condition. I cant describe how I knew this, but I was 100% certain that that would be the outcome and I had received this knowledge from some knowing entity. At the same time this was happening to me, my cat in the hallway started showing very peculiar behavior. He was standing on 3 legs with one of his front legs in the air a position Ive never seen a cat take. In addition, he seemed to be in a trance. When I called his name, he could not hear me. His head was moving slowly from side to side, left to right, like he was transfixed by some image. I looked in the direction of his gaze and saw nothing but darkness. He stayed in this position with these movements for several minutes in a trance-like state. After this was all over for him and me, I phoned my sister back and told her of my experience and told her she had absolutely nothing to worry about concerning the tests she was to take the next day and that I was phoning her now so the next day when she had the tests she would have proof of the truthfulness of my experience.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,assista,,divor,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
3,ME ,1218,60,,M,"The English language does not have words to adequately describe the feelings but here goes. The atmosphere in the room began slowly to change, it began to thicken and become more dense and there was an overwhelming presence in the room and the atmosphere. It felt as though there was else outside the room, nothing existed outside that room, it was like a separate bubble. Then the sensation of love started to permeate the air. I am not talking of a happy lovey type feeling, no this was an intense overwhelming love that went straight through the body and mind. It was absolute unconditional love and a clear message came into my head that love is the essential truth. The experience was so overwhelming that tears began to flow and I had to move away from the couch so not to wet the person lying there. The sensation lasted for several minutes and then began to fade.    ",,British c,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Outreac,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
4,DEE,1484,12,,M,Explained in question 8    ,,American,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Weilder,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
5,SDE,1004,38,,F,"everything described above. In after thought, even now several years later. I wonder about this. Was I summoned to help him proceed to the next phase?  If so, why was I chosen? I feel honored if that was the case.    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,Web Pro,,single,single,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
6,OBE,1469,25,,F,"Suddenly I was outside my body. I seemed to be very small as I watched what was happening to me. I knew I was dying, or would die if he didnt stop. I prayed, Please, God. Dont let me die. I have two little boys who need me. I heard clearly, Use kung foo. My body became ridged and I put my arms straight up. My elbows locked and no matter how hard he tried to break them down they were locked in place. He could no longer reach my head. Once he realized he couldnt hurt me any more he sat back on his heels kind of dazed.    ",,Natural c,"251,00",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Bank te,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
7,ME ,1506,44,,F,"I was able to see all my chakras in my meditation..vivid colour red, orange, golden yellow and beautiful green and pink for the heart. I was unable to draw this ecstatic energy to my throat. The explosion of ecstasy or it felt like an orgasm was when it opened up from my heart center. There was no sound or smell but I saw the vast universe and it was filled with Unconditonal LOVE. Love that I have never felt so intensely before in my life.    ",,Landed im,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,YOga te,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
8,OBE,1056,26,,F,"I had gone to bed and was dreaming that I was walking toward one of the classsrooms at the school I was attending. The classroom looked a little different, in that it had windows on three sides. There were students sitting quietly in the classroom, and the light was out. I could see the students sitting in the dark, and I wondered why they were sitting there in the dark when I could see a light coming from under one of the doors. I remember thinking that it was ok if they wanted to sit in the dark but that I wanted to go toward the light. As I opened the door I was surrounded by the brightest light I have every seen, so bright that it would normally cause one to close their eyes. It was the most warm, most loving, most peaceful experience- words cannot describe it. At the same time I realized I could see all around me, that I was not a body standing in the light but I was one with the light. I had no face, no eyes, no body. I dont know how long I was there. It was so beautiful, so peaceful, so loving and yet it wasnt separate from me, I was a part of it. Suddenly I woke up. I tried to go back to sleep to continue it but I couldnt. I was so disappointed that I couldnt get back.     ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,religious,religious,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
9,ME ,1265,66,,M,"Ive described most of the experience above. But additionally, I felt that for a moment in time the world as I knew it, simply stopped. It seemed both immediate and eternal, at the same time. I didnt pay much attention to the potential consequences, at the time of the accident. It wasnt until I meditated on the experience that I felt the full potential of what had happened and what could have happened. I could have been killed. At the time, it was just a minor accident. But, it wasnt, really. I am very thankful to be able to tell this story. As I recount it, part of me takes the results for granted-(foolish human). It was Divine intervention, I have no doubt. I learned, again, not to take God and Guru for granted. I owe my life to the Divine in more ways than I can conceive. I am grateful, Graceful.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Marriag,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
10,NDE,1107,32,,M,"I was off-duty and walking with my girlfriend Susan along the beach. We observed 3 swimmers struggling in the surf approximately 100 yards from shore. I swam out and got the first two to safety. I then returned to the heavy surf for the third victim. I got to approximately 20 yards from shore when I was unable to go any further and rested with the victim on a small sandbar. The victim was then put in a rubber life raft when I was unexpectedly swept off the bar by the heavy surf. They were unable to rescue me and I submerged under the surf. Documented reports vary as to the length of time I was submerged but were consistent that I had drowned. While submerged, I have a distinct memory of seeing and hearing my father saying to grab my knees and ball up (NOTE: my father had been deceased for 10 years). I then woke up in an ambulance after being revived by paramedics who recounted that they spotted me on the surface balled-up and were able to retrieve my body from the surf and begin resuscitation.    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,religious,religious,Jewish,Christian,,,never,week,avera,very st,"0 24,999",docto,New Yor,,single,divor,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
11,ADC,1514,40,,F,"I was sleeping with my 9 year old son, Connor. My brother, Tripp, came to wake me up to tell me that my step-mother had called to tell him my father had passed away. I believe the time was 2:36 a.m. or close to that. When Tripp whispered to my from the hallway, I immediately jolted awake. I knew why he was waking me. He told me that he was going to my dads house, but that I should not go. I went downstairs to tell my husband that my dad had passed. Looking back, I was very calm. I was not crying or upset. My dad and I had an extremely close relationship. I was wide awake, so it was not that I wasnt fully understanding, I just wasnt upset for some reason. I went back upstairs and quietly got back in bed so as not to wake up my son. As soon as I lay back down, I fell back to sleep with no problem at all. (Another thing that seems strange given the situation.) It seems as soon as I feel asleep, I wasnt really sleep anymore, but sitting on my couch at my own home in Savannah. I looked up from my couch down the hall to my front door. Our front door has glass panes in it. Through the panes, I could see my dad standing there. He looked young like he did when I was a little girl. He had on seersucker pants, a starched white shirt and a bright yellow tie. I couldnt believe what I was seeing. I slowly walked to the door. Time seemed to go very slowly. He was patiently waiting and just smiling at me through the glass, his eyes never leaving mine. As I made my way to the door, I knew that he shouldnt be there. I also wondered how I got from the bed at my brothers house to my house in Savannah. I knew that he was gone and should not be here on earth. As I opened the door, he smiled, and said, Hey there, Sweet Girl...I promised you I would come back to see you in Savannah. I just stood there for what seemed like a long time and then slowly walked to him and started to hug him, but then I remembered the pain it caused when I hugged him because of the tumors in his abdomen. But he sensed my hesitation, and said, It is OK Sweet Girl. You cant hurt me anymore. There is no more pain. Then he walked through the front door, into my foyer and straight up my staircase where he just kind of vanished...I stood and watched him walk away, then I just immediately woke up, and I was wide awake, and the dream was as real and vivid as if I had just been standing at my front door. I was not groggy at all or scared or sad. I was so happy and comforted that he had come to me. I could still feel our hug. I looked at the clock and less than 40 minutes had passed since my brother had come in to tell me that my dad had passed away. I lay there for over an hour replaying the dream. Then as I was falling asleep, I begged and begged him to come back.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,avera,avera,"50,000 99",maste,Realtor,,marri,marri,Unc,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
12,DEE,1375,12,,F,    ,,USA    Q.,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,I was a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
13,ME ,1431,28,,F,"It was a warm July evening in 2010. I had two 8month-old twin daughters at the time. I got an invitation for a dinner with friends and spent the evening with them. My husband was at home with the girls. I was walking home after the dinner. It was already dark and the city lights were on. I was walking on a deserted street alone when a car passed me. Young men were sitting in it, hearing loud music. I did not really pay attention to them and turned into another street, which was much darker. Suddenly a really strong invisible force hit me, and I staggered into a dark corner near a house. I almost fell, and was shocked. 2 seconds later the same car with the young men appeared in the street. This time they were driving very slowly as if they were looking for something/someone. They could not see me, as I was still in the dark corner of a house. They passed me again, this time the music was off. I realized later that they must have been looking for me. I struggled to get myself together in the corner where I was still crouching. I was shocked because it was clearly not me, who decided to hide in the corner. It was as if someone/something had hit me or shoved me there. I went home at last but I have not told anybody about this experience for a long time, not even my husband.     ",,Hungarian,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Human R,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
14,ADC,1405,47,,F,"I instantly told my husband My father just caressed my cheek, as I looked at the clock to see the time (4:45 approximate).    ",,U.S.    Q,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
15,SDE,1400,63,,F,"At about 0330, I dreamed I was in his ICU room just as it was, and he suddenly sat up in bed. I ran to the bedside fearing that he would dislodge tubes, when the patient stated  Dont worry about me. Ill be OK. I woke up and had this overwhelming feeling that he would survive this illness. The next day, I got report from the night nurse and discovered that he was out of the unstable cardiac rhythm. He had converted out of it at about 0330. After his rhythm stablized, his blood pressure continued to improve as did his other symptoms of septic shock.    ",,US citize,"50,000",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,very st,"50,000 99",some,registe,,divor,divor,No,moderately str,All pleasant,senior
16,NDE,1491,38,,M,"My best memory is first being in a very dark place as if I was flying down it was very scary and then I heard a very dark un recognizable voice that introduced himself as Lucifer. I was being told all the bad things about hell and I became very stressed and scared when all of a sudden a brigh light appeared along with the most angelic voice I had ever heard I cant explain how comforting the voice was and it spoke to me saying  dont worry you have an angel,at your side I never saw images of either lucifer or the angel just very distinct voices. I felt this unbelievable calmness after this beautiful voice spoke to me I felt in a very timeless place where physical beings were not present I just felt this unconditional love around me. When I awoke from my coma the first thing I said when I could speak was God is a woman I told this to my wife. I then asked her wht happened to me as I could not remember at first why I was in the hospital, the doctors told me I was dreaming and the drugs could cause thse kinds of things but never in my life had I used the word Lucifer or heard such an angelic voice. Ive kept quit about my experience except to my direct family until my wife bought me the proof off heaven book    ",,Current c,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,avera,avera,"100,000+",Did not,Self em,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
17,DEE,1299,22,,M,"I entered my bedroom, sat down on a cushioned window seat, and the sobbing continued. Moments later, I felt a tingling in my arms, kind of like they had fallen asleep, though I wasnt sitting in a way that impaired blood flow. Moments later, my arms rose from my sides and my hands literally came together in prayer in front of my chest. I watched in complete wonderment as this occurred. And I suddenly felt in my heart a very clear instruction that I needed to get on my knees and pray. But I was refused. I didnt understand why prayer was necessary. In fact, it seemed like an act of subservience that made me uneasy. Meanwhile, my arms and hands were literally vibrating, and my hands were stuck together that literally, I was unable to pull them apart. Why is this happening to me, I wondered. And I suddenly understood that I was dying. No sooner did that thought cross my mind, my hands fell back to my sides--thus making a connection in my mind between the thought I was dying and the release of my hands from the unseen force, and the immediate cessation of the tingling sensations. Given how strange this all was, it seemed perfectly logical to me that I was indeed dying. My mother was spiritual, so I thought I better go downstairs and tell her. In the living room, I sat beside my mother and told her what had just happened. She told me to go ahead and pray. I told her I couldnt, and that I was dying. She was very spiritual. When she heard this, she thought perhaps a part of me was dying, to make room for something else... but I wasnt physically dying. I told her she was wrong. She checked my temperature. I had a fever of 103. She went to get some aspirin, and told me to to relax. After I took the aspirin, I lay down on the living room couch, and thats when a spiritual being showed up. I heard him as clear as day, talking in my head, just as if he was in the room with me. The first thing he said to me was, Ok, lets go! When he said that, I could feel a pulling sensation all of a sudden on the region of my solar plexus. If the soul was real, it felt like he was reaching in and pulling my soul out of my body. It was a very uncomfortable and unusual feeling, and I reacted to it by kicking my feet on the couch. When I did this, the pulling, or suction-y feeling stopped. Long story short, this fight to stay went on for more than an hour. I remained lucid throughout the whole experience, conversing with my family while also telepathically conversing with this Being. The longer I resisted, the more this Being resorted to threatening me. I didnt care--no matter what the threats (Stay and youll be crazy, no one will ever understand you, your family wont remember a thing--their memories will be wiped) I refused to go wherever it was this Being was intent on taking me. Finally, fed up with my refusal, the Being told me he wasnt leaving empty handed. If I didnt come then and there, he would cause my father to have a massive heart attack, and he would take my father. My father and I had had a long and stormy relationship, however, I didnt have to think about that threat. I immediately relented and agreed to come. But I asked to say goodbye to my family first--which he permitted. I literally kissed and hugged everyone who was there and said goodbye. It was the saddest moment I have ever experienced. Then I told the Being I was finally ready, and I heard a voice (a different voice than the Being) tell me it wasnt my time. For a while I pleaded to go. I was ready. But it was no use. My fever broke, and I felt better than I had ever felt in my life-- and I appreciated my life like I had never appreciated it before.     ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",some,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
18,ADC,1497,23,,M,see # 8 above    ,,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
19,ADC,1394,49,,F,"Terry Dean                         1946-2012 Terry was a well-known and dedicated musician in the Overberg and Hermanus. Terry\xe2\x80\x99s battle with cancer started in 2007-where it was diagnosed in the colon. He was successfully operated on in September that year and recovered, remaining healthy until March 2009, when a tumour was removed from his small intestine. He received chemotherapy at Tygerberg Hospital afterwards and seemed well. He continued to play his gigs-he said the music took his mind away from the pain. His last gig was just after New Year 2012 at the Shuntin\xe2\x80\x99 Shed in Bot River-but he was very weak by then.  The last six months of his life, he was cared for at home-with the help of Hospice. Terry slipped into a coma on Thursday 28th June-I spoke to him and told him it was alright to move on, that his daughters T&#232;gan and Tullia, and I, would be fine. I also asked him to send me a sign when he crossed over. He passed away in the early hours of Friday morning. He was smiling. I knew he had left us, and in the early winter morning, I looked out of the window up at the grey sky-completely overcast except for a very defined sliver of blue sky- in the perfect shape of an electric guitar. I was so grateful for that sign. Terry had asked a good friend of his to sell his beloved Fender Telecaster (which he bought in America) to help support his family-as he had been unable to work for months. I was told that the lady who bought it was called Tracy; and she had bought it for her partner, John, whom we had never met, as they live near Johannesburg. The morning of Terry\xe2\x80\x99s passing; I received a call from Tracy, enquiring how Terry was. I told her that he had passed away in the early hours of that morning. She gave me condolences and put John on the phone. This is what he told me: On the night in question, at about 11:45 p.m. my very faithful dog, Sasha, nudged me with her nose and would not stop...until I got out of bed. I was at my farm, not far from Hartebeespoort Dam at the time. Only to find Sasha sitting next to the Fender case... I made a cup of coffee, called my dog to the kitchen and she would not budge. I know that it sounds weird, but, I had to play the telecaster... my dog left the room as soon as I plugged the guitar into the amp... played a few bars of John Lee Hooker and went to bed. As you know I phoned you the next morning to offer my condolences... how I knew that?... your Terry was with me, of that I am sure... I feel that he has been back, too often I find myself compelled to play the tele. Bear in mind, I have seven other guitars, all very good... but the tele keeps calling...??? The guitar is well and safe... I play the smoke out of it and love the mood it leaves me with... I am sure you understand what I mean by that. In any case, I have no opinion on the life here after, but, Terry Dean was with me and wanted to hear me play, to see if I was up to scratch, I think?  When John woke up the following morning he said to Tracy, \xe2\x80\x9cTerry\xe2\x80\x99s gone.\xe2\x80\x9d    ",,South Afr,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,avera,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Self-em,,marri,widow,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
20,DEE,1132,29,,F,Read above    ,,Citizen,"50,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Stay at,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
21,SDE,1070,53,,F,I began to feel I was in a tunnel of light and suddenly saw a very religious image of Jesus-he had a crown of thorns and a bleeding heart we did not speak but it was the first time I ever felt loved and I have never been the same since then    ,,usa    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,religious,Unaffilia,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,tax coo,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
22,ADC,1144,57,,M,"Now, I must say that it is not completely uncommon to see deer in our yard although, for whatever reason, I hadnt seen any for a few months. I work from home and have a large window next to my desk that looks out over our back yard. I asked Christine to send deer because I felt it would be solid confirmation if, on the very day I asked to see deer, it actually happened. Unfortunately, on this particular day I was so consumed with work that I dont even remember looking out my window. By the time I realized it was already dark outside, I also realized I never saw any deer. I was terribly disappointed with myself that I hadnt come up for air all day. Did Christine send the deer and I missed the signal to look up and out the window? Or did she not hear my plea? Maybe Im making this all up after all. I have been working on my computer moving very large files around and so before going upstairs for dinner with my wife (Christines mom), I begin a disk compression operation that takes a significant amount of time. I click the start button and go to dinner.  After dinner I came back downstairs to see the progress for my disk compression. Its going very slowly. To pass some time I start poking around on one of the other hard drives to see whats on it. I come across an obscurely named folder I havent seen for a while called My Pictures (GoFlex1TB)\\Canon60D NotSaved. As I click through the various subfolders, I randomly stop at one called 118CANON with several pictures. I cant really tell what they are from the thumbnails so I click on the one named IMG7578.JPG. When the photo opens in full-screen, I about fall out of my chair ... its a photograph that I took from my office window ... of a deer not 10 yards away! ... right outside my office window! ... just like I asked Christine! And not only that but when I look at the date it was taken, I realize I took it (and this completely blew me away) ... I took the photograph exactly one year ago ... to the day!  To ... the ... day!  So I still hadnt seen deer outside my window in months ... at least not by looking out my window! But Christine found a way ... in that mischievous way of hers ... to answer my request. The very next morning, as I am taking a sip of coffee, staring out the window, getting ready to start my day and thinking about the beautiful gift Christine gave to me the night before ... I suddenly see a deer streak from the woods running right-to-left across the yard ... right outside my office window! Wow! ... All I can say is Wow!    ",,U.S. Citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Senior,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
23,DEE,1201,35,,F,"I was comforted, I felt at peace. I felt strong when my mother died later that day, and I coped well with the days following, helping to support my family. I told some people about the experience and they thought it strange that my mothers spirit could have visited me when she was still alive. I was told later by someon else that it was likely to have been an angel who came to me, to give me strength. I am content to believ this assertion.    ",,British,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"25,000 49",maste,Busines,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
24,ADC,1139,36,,F,i learned that staying on this earth could be a very happy experience if you choose it to be. i was feeling low that my dad had passed. his way of coming through with something we shared together was a way of telling me that i should stay and enjoy life.    ,,usa    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,VP Adve,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
25,DEE,1224,45,,F,"i felt so comforted with the knowledge of a better transition for my mom at that time. the book guided my decisions and was like a big hug for me and her. i reread the book twice before the weekend was over and get more comforted each time. why now and why this time, i felt like my mom guided me to buy this book because i had not known she was sick and was about the die.    ",,american,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",colle,housing,,single,single,Yes,very little,All pleasant,adult
26,OBE,1200,4,,F,"As the abuse was happening, I recall feeling like I couldnt move and as I looked up into the corner of the room, above the television, I saw myself floating there looking down at myself. The floating version of me seemed ethereal and I recall not seeing an entire body. Then I can hear the television and it felt like I was going back and forth between the floating me and the me on the sofa. I dont recall how long this lasted, and I dont recall anything afterwards.    ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,None,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
27,OBE,1383,39,,F,Please look under 11.    ,,Swedish.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Medical,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
28,ME ,1288,40,,F,"Same as above. Also, I saw it as a sign from the Beloved, a message of love and warmth and a reaching out to me in a time of loneliness and sadness. A sign to give me hope and to help me carry on in this journey of life.    ",,Citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Disable,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
29,ME ,1424,52,,F,"I believed, but did not know God exists. Now, I am certain. I dreamed of information that I had no knowledge of, and thus, could not have come from my subconscious. Later, when frightful dread permeated my mind and body, a suffering that could crush a soul, as my husband underwent quadruple bypass surgery on October 8, 2012, the information provided Divine Comfort. I am reverently thankful to the Divine Comfort that I held on to during the terrifying hours. While I prayed, the dream where my husband said, Just for 2 &#189; hours, was with me, together with the faith that I will have him back, alive and well, after that. Many thanks, all-good and all-loving God, for embracing my husband, our family, and me, especially through the very difficult 2 &#189; hours.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",colle,Busines,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
30,OBE,1454,17,,M,"I came back home late at night from a fair that I had gone to with my girlfriend. I went to my room, and I was very sleepy. Although I was really tired, I wanted to stay awake because I still wanted to call my girlfriend before going to bed. The urge to sleep was powerful though, and I started to drift off into a dose.. HOWEVER, I was still AWARE I wanted to stay awake, so consciously I was still fighting the sleep. So I got up. Except.. It wasnt my PHYSICAL body that got up... I.. and not the PHYSICAL I, maybe it was my spirit I dont know, rose up a few feet in the air and stood there as if I was floating. I knew wasnt a dream because I had had several dreams/nightmares up until now, and also I knew I was still in my room in the exact same spot (Despite being in the air) and I saw my television, walls, and things in my room that were already there before, in the exact same place. My sight of these things was shortly focused on something else, as I saw a tall, black, shadowy figure standing right in front of me. I was frozen with fear as obviously this sort of thing doesnt happen everyday for me.. So I just stood there looking at it. It seemed malevolent. I just had this feeling that it knew I was scared of it, and that was an achieved goal for the figure or something, and it slowly started to walk (move, float) towards me. Before it got too close, I woke up.. Or.. Became my physical self again, and I was scared and confused at what just happened..    ",,United St,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Odd Job,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
31,DEE,1263,37,,M,"I was breathing underwater without an oxygen mask, somehow drawing bubbles of air from the water. My body wanted to go off and swim, turning and twisting, happy and playful. The light was bright blue higher up and darker blue below. I swam into the deeper blue until I could see the flat bottom of the lake, stretching out before me. I felt suddenly that all my old friends were there \xe2\x80\x93 there were no faces or shapes of people, but I knew they were inside these little round blue balls all over the lake floor. I could sense them powerfully welcoming me as an old and very dear friend \xe2\x80\x93 the feeling of so many friends and of being so thankful to see them again after so long made me both deeply happy and very sad at the same time. When my eyes started to well up, they told me that it was OK, they were there and they will always be there, and that they\xe2\x80\x99re in the beauty all around me.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Self-em,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
32,ME ,1545,62,,M,"I had just arrived at the hotel and decided to take a little nap, to rest after the driving. I left a lamp on, and lied on the bed, half turned to the right and fell asleep. It was a light and pleasant sleep and I awoke after about half an hour. As I opened my eyes, I saw a kind of steam or smoke rising from me. It was more like enveloping me, because as I was still half-turned to the right I saw it was rising from below the side of the bed. It was rising fast, as fast as steam does from a boiling pan of water, but more smoothly. I observed this and the next instant I became a little anxious, because I remembered that something like a haze rises sometimes from people who are dying. So I immediately breathed in and checked my body mentally, but I was fine. But by then I could not see the steam any more. I have to say that as I woke up I was very clear and knew exactly where I was, and when.    ",,Greek cit,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Biology,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,senior
33,ME ,1145,59,,F,"Through all my experiences I have learned that my true family of support resides on the other side of the veil. I feel that is our true home and that as developing souls we come here to this earth into this body to learn and develop our souls. We make contracts with souls on the other side to meet here in specific environments and situations to learn from each other. It is somewhat life being sent off to boarding school. Once we learn our lessons we go back home to the other side. We dont always learn our lessons, sometimes we opt out of our lessons and need to keep coming back until we learn and finish that lesson.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Speech,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
34,OBE,1477,53,,M,"Lets take a trip......this is not any trip, this is my trip and it happened the night or second night home from the hospital. I began traveling through a darkness. It is BLACK! no stars, no planets, no lights, NOTHING! Void. A black hole I dont know what else to call it. Except in a very, very, very far distance is a very small gold and I mean GOLD light flickering like a candle or generator running off cycle or something. I began to get closer and closer. The GOLD light grew larger and larger and closer and closer. As I got close enough I could tell what looked like a snow globe or very lucent clear crystal ball and this GOLD light was inside this globe. As I got closer I could tell inside this globe were what looked like stars. Sort of looking into the sky from earth. But inside this globe these stars were very bright or a crystal or bright white. It is nothing I have ever seen before or can compare to it. There were no bright and dim stars, they were all the same. In this middle was this Golf glowing light. I did not go inside this and was kept at a distance hanging out in this blackness. On the way all I could feel is a state of AWE! no words, just a beyond any middle boggling experience anyone could have imagined. On this travel it was like your mind is wondering out there and focused on this GOLD light thinking what is going on?. Getting closer to this globe I noticed I began getting messages or bits of information or something that seem to be sending these messages to me. These messages begin telling me some things I need to work on. Which I did not understand at all. I am beginning to get a better understanding each day since. There were many messages or I guess even judgements that I received in which stated I did or just point out or something (still processing) but three Primary things I need to do before I am to enter or go to or inside this globe. There is way too much for me to put onto here. All I know is I was told to do this. One of my things is that I am to teach, speak, talk about Forgiveness. As this is one of my things I have to do and that is because this is the best way to learn it. This is all for now as I need to go rest. (try to sleep). I really cannot put into words what happened but it was very real to me. I was not on any drugs these nights and am not now either. I cant stand the pain drugs, although I know many wanting them. This was one week out of surgery when this travel happened. I had two profound experiences in the hospital which I am finding out stuff now and it is no words to describe.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Junio,Large d,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
35,DEE,1157,20,,F,"I was dreaming. I saw a being that seemed feminine. He/she had long silvery/blond/fair hair...in what I describe as being a blue garment, and surrounded in the brightest, bluest light I had ever seen. He/she was communicating with me. I felt a lot of love and care coming from this being...he/she loved me and was telling me important information about something that was going to happen soon. He/she was preparing me for something. When I awoke, I remembered no words. I couldnt tell you what he/she said because I remembered nothing of the conversation.  A little while later, days of weeks, I dreamt that I was at a party and i was telling someone that I had had a baby girl, but she had died.    ",,Australia,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Some,Mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
36,OBE,1223,52,,F,"I remember my breath ending, like a release, and I felt no fear. Then I was in the hands of God, which felt, as the best way to describe it, like being inside a golden flower, with an indescribable sense of love surrounding me and permeating me. I was just there, absorbing the energy and power and love. Then I remember floating and traveling above an earthlike scene, with a green field below and some mountains in the distance. To my right was the edge of a city with a rock wall of some kind. I dont remember much about the city, only that it was there and I was traveling toward it. After that I came back into my own body.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",maste,Owner/D,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
37,ADC,1121,45,,M,"At 12:30 AM on a Wednesday I was awakened from sleep by encountering a being comprised of white light floating above me and moving toward me. Initially, I was afraid and mentally cringed. As it approached me I felt overwhelming love wash over and through me. It then continued on. Two days later, I was informed that my mother had died within the last few days but was not found until Friday. No one knew her time of death.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Pilot,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
38,DEE,1111,32,,F,"Sometime during the night, I began to dream. (Highly unusual because I NEVER remember dreams although I am sure that I do dream). I was present in this dream. I knew immediately that something unusual was happening. I was wearing a long white robe and I had sandals on my feet. It was very warm. I remember thinking wow why is it so warm in a dream this is way too real. Just then I bit down and felt a grain of sand between teeth. I stopped and said to myself wait, this is important because it is real. I walked between 2 buildings made of what looked like adobe to me and I kept walking until I entered a courtyard that was of good size. There were clusters of men standing around talking with one another and they were dressed somewhat like me except they had more colorful gear on. I remember thinking that I was in Bibical days by the way they looked. In the center of the yard were a group of boys playing some kind of ball. They were chasing a ball (that was really a bunch of rags tied together). They were kicking the ball back and forth and seemed intent on playing a game. As I looked around, over to my right was a young boy about 8 to 10 years old. He had that look of dejection about him. He was leaning against the wall with his left shoulder. He was looking down and was moving the sand around with his foot. My mother instinct kicked in and I felt compassion for the boy because I knew he had not been chosen to play. I moved over behind him and that is when I reached out and touched his shoulder. He turned and looked straight into my eyes. The air literally left me and I dropped to my knees. You see, it didnt matter that he was a boy I knew him. I knew him and I began to cry. It was the Savior. Without his lips moving, transferring language to me directly to my head (but more putting it into English falls so short; it was like a thought that came to me and then blew up inside my head) but I HEARD his voice and I knew it. How do I know it? I dont know but in that moment I remember saying Oh, I know that voice! I knew that I missed him so much. I knew that I had been bought and paid for (atonement)if I chose to allow it (free agency and all). I loved him. I sensed the largness of the universe and how there was no end . . . but wait . . . he spoke Cindy, I never fit in. From that statement I understood that he didnt have to show me the cross . . . he really means he was a weird human among humans. That is all that I heard . . . everything else is as real . . . it just was that odd hearing/listening thing. Here is the significant exchange to me . . . I felt the love. It is more than love, but on Earth that is what we say. I knew it was for EVERY single human who was going to live and who had ever lived. If was like I could have reached out and picked it up . . . it had substance. And, it hurt. The love was so much that it hurt and I was humbled by what I felt. It was over. I sat straight up in my bed and looked at the clock. It was 2 a.m. For the next few weeks, the feeling didnt leave me. Sometimes I would just look at a group of students on the BSU campus and want to burst into tears because I knew how much he loved them. Then, like all things, the memory started to fade. A few months later, I got down on my knees and begged for the gift of always remembering that feeling and the event. I dont think about it every day. I am 61 now. But, I can recall it all. By the way . . . I have never wasted one more breath complaining to him about feeling out of place.    ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,secreta,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
39,ADC,1316,27,,F,"I felt a presence in the room and looked to my left, my grandfather was standing in is grey work uniform, he was completely solid in appearance and looked like he always had. He smiled at me and then shifted his gaze to my boys on the floor, smiled and was gone.    ",,United St,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Medical,,marri,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
40,NDA,1446,52,,M,"When I left my body I yelled out that I was sorry if I had hurt anyone in anyway while I was visiting Earth...apparently I yelled it out with so much conviction and emotion that I startled everyone around me...and He happened to be standing right over there...and He came over to where I was to see what all the commotion was all about...I didnt know who He was but I jumped in front of Him and began running my mouth...saying that I had just gotten out of prison, had cancer and was getting a big government check every month and that Id never have to work again and that I wasnt ready to die...I wanted to go back and have some fun...I got them all laughing at me...I got Jesus laughing at me...it was then that He reached out and touched me and instantaneously healed me of my cancer and sent me back to my body....I was told that I would live for another 26 years...that no one in the medical community would be able to explain how it was that I was still living...    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,dail,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,convict,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
41,DEE,1541,65,,M,"My STE is a Divine Entity Encounter, at least I think that is the closest description of it. I have reported this in my book; Jesus Who. I suspect it was the Spirit of God, but it could have been an angle.  Personal Story; A love tap of Understanding For several years, I could not accept that all the people in a couple of Old Testament cities were killed by Joshua\xe2\x80\x99s army. Joshua 11:11-12 What about the infants and young children? Why should they die a terrible death for the sins of their parents? I was thrown a curve by this story. How could God do such a terrible thing? This was not merciful. This was a big problem for me and remained so for years. These young children could have been taken into homes of decent people and they would have no knowledge of their biological parents or their old lifestyles. Then one day I was praying about this and I got something like a gentle slap on the head, an interruption of my consciousness from outside myself, likely from the Spirit of God; I clearly heard. \xe2\x80\x9cThe souls of the innocents were taken a moment before they died.\xe2\x80\x9d So when the sword hit, the children were in a persistent vegetative state in that God had already taken their souls to safety. What a relief! I was elated. Then about five seconds later, I thought; Hey, wait a minute. Did God really tell me that, or did I just make it up to ease my own distress? Straight away I got a second interruption and I clearly heard that voice again; \xe2\x80\x9cIf you did make it up, how much wiser and more merciful is your Father in Heaven.\xe2\x80\x9d Wow! It was definitely not my voice or my words. The old fashioned style is not the way I use words or language! Plus the fact that it came as an interruption to my thoughts (hey, pay attention). I am convinced that it was Divinely given personal information to help me get over this stumbling block. Most wonderful of all, notice that the communication was loving, not angry. I had just assumed, that God would be angry with me for being dumb, weak and sinful, because I was often angry with myself for those reasons. The improbable lovingness and civility of this communication kept me in a state of astonishment for several years and still causes breathlessness when I recall it to mind. How could the all powerful God love such a dumb, weak and sinful little man? Is that an improbable enough God for you? It sure is for me and I do have faith in Him. He\xe2\x80\x99s got you, He\xe2\x80\x99s got you and He\xe2\x80\x99s got your back. Don\xe2\x80\x99t worry about anything because all this earthly stuff, everything here, is ridiculously trivial to Him. I thank God for showing Himself to me as a loving father and I do feel very blessed for it. God is love and I suspect that humans have been programmed by God to love our children so that we, in our human pettiness, would have at least some experience of what love is. \xe2\x80\x9cAnyone who loves God must also love their brother and sister\xe2\x80\x9d. 1 John 4:21 So we are supposed to love one another, that means love everyone always. So just know that you too may reasonably expect that the one and only God will communicate with you about your Christian concerns and that it will come out of the clear blue sky and be a loving personal answer. He is the same loving God for all of us, even those people we don\xe2\x80\x99t care for. As improbable as it is, God loves us all. You will come to be as fond of your new Christian memories as you are of your actual childhood memories, because there is a mighty and loving Father helping you through a difficult and confusing adolescents. If you missed out on that from your biological father, you will find your Heavenly Father especially wonderful and loving. Really. God never said that the Bible is all there is to know. It is implied that the Bible is the minimum you should know and there may be certain things that He will communicate to help you personally if you ask Him. Waiting for God to answer is fairly short term, it is not the classic; Waiting For Godoe. God is for real.     ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
42,DEE,1399,51,,M,"I could hear people speaking who were around me, was well aware of my surroundings--I did not expect this visitation to happen. I had said a little prayer (just in case) asking for forgiveness for those I had directly or indirectly hurt, and waited to die--so I thought. I wondered what it would feel like; i.e., would the lights just go out, would it be painful, or what. I could not tell the sex of my visitor, it appeared to clothed in a lovely robe-like material, was very human in appearance, had a lovely smile, appeared gentle and loving and I could see through it. What surprised me most is that it spoke to me without words. The thoughts just jumped into my mind. It knew what I wanted to know just as I had the thought develop in my mind, and I remarked, \xe2\x80\x9cHow did you do that?\xe2\x80\x9d Looking back on the experience, that thought makes me smile every time I think about it--it really happened that way. The message was that of love, that it did not matter whether I lived or died--I would be cared for. Finally, the overriding message was, LOVE WAS ALL THAT MATTERED and I did not need to worry. The visitor stayed with me for some time (several minutes) and when I turned to look away, out the cabin window, I could see the lights of a city below. When I turned back, my visitor was gone. In a way, this proved how real the visitation was. It was NO dream. After the plane landed, I was met by an ambulance and taken to Daniel Freeman Hospital. Thinking that I had a Mexican GI upset I was taken to a ward treating GI problems, a nurse noticed that my blood pressure dropped to nearly zero, I was then rushed to a CC unit and placed under the care of a cardiologist, Dr. Ciralo (sp?). There I was diagnosed with severe cardiac dilatation and heart failure, it wasnt until later that a pheochromocytoma was discovered. I was severely hypertensive and apparently this was the cause of my heart failure. When my hypertensive condition was brought under control, my heart returned to normal. This was all documented by ultrasonography and angiography. The pheochromocytoma was removed from my abdomen 1 month later at Cottage Hospital in Santa Barbara. I think back on the experience and still worry about the unknown, but listening to the audio tape of your book has helped restore my faith in the reality of my experience. Thank you!! My experience is with me nearly every day. My visitor never returned, but I do think we\xe2\x80\x99ll meet again someday.    ",,US citize,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"100,000+",post,Practic,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
43,OBE,1521,43,,F,"I had a two part experience with this series. I had an OBE with the first and fourth meditation. In the first meditation I experienced a dropping down into my heart. Once that happened, I felt myself leave my physical body. I found myself in the rings of Saturn. I observed this area for a bit. I could feel something like wind and could hear the planet rotating. I watched as rocky material went by. I say watched, but it wasnt like watching with your eyes. I felt like I was going in a circular motion and felt like I was standing, but not really standing. I shifted my consciousness to look down because I felt like I had moved from the rings to somewhere else. I found my consciousness in the middle of the DNA helix. It seems like I stayed there for quite awhile and could feel a sense of awe. I felt in awe throughout this whole experience. I then found myself sort of floating in what felt and looked like darkness, but not scary darkness more like space darkness. I became aware of a shape, but it was on a mammoth scale. There is nothing that I can even compare it to. It felt like God, OM, greatness. I was then in the middle of what seemed like what would be comparable to the bloodstream. I was moving very fast and saw lots of red around me. This shifted from the bloodstream to the galaxies, other planets, humans, animals, trees, everything. I felt like I was being shown that everything is connected and on an even larger scale, we make (everything) actually makes up God/OM. We are the heart, everything is about the heart. In the 4th mediation I had a similar, but different experience. I dropped down into my heart again, but I stayed there for a bit. I had the sensation that I was laying on my left side. I could hear a muffled heart beat. Not a perfect beat and it sounded as if it may even be skipping beats, but so comforting. I became aware of the feeling of warm fluid all around me and inside my nose, lungs, mouth. I could see my right hand, but it was very tiny and very pink. It was mostly dark, but a little bit of white light was around the edges of this space. I felt as if this was me and I was in my mothers womb. I remember feeling the most comforted I ever have. It was so comforting, but also very confining, but not in a bad way. From there, I felt like I was in a white light spiral. The spiral shot the purest white light through my heart and out of the crown of my head-simultaneously. My consciousness catapulted out of my chest, but also through my head. Up, straight up and fast, but completely enveloped with white light and love. I felt like there were beings that were moving with me, supporting me, but they had no physical characteristics. They were pure light.    ",,American,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Yoga st,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
44,ADC,1348,49,,F,"I was lying face down on the massage table when a soccer game began to unfold in front of me. I thought \xe2\x80\x9cthat\xe2\x80\x99s nice\xe2\x80\x9d. The game then came closer \xe2\x80\x9cinto my line of vision\xe2\x80\x9d (even though my eyes were closed). It was vivid, techno-color and I remember thinking it was so real. The kids that were playing were cute and happy, smiling, and intent on their game. One child seemed to really grab my attention, he was blond and handsome and so well formed, and I remember thinking \xe2\x80\x9cthat\xe2\x80\x99s what Nick would look like if he were alive\xe2\x80\x9d.  They were having so much fun with this game. The next thing I knew, the kid that looked like my son kicked the ball and I thought, that\xe2\x80\x99s a goal for sure; then the ball swerved and came towards me at Mach speed and slammed me in the face. The next instant, it was snatched back by Nick (by son) and he stood there radiantly smiling for a few seconds and he said \xe2\x80\x9cThat one was for you, mom \xe2\x80\x93 just to let you know, I\xe2\x80\x99m OK\xe2\x80\x9d. He waved good bye as he ran back onto the field and began playing with his friends.  I jumped so high on the massage table, that the masseur who was massaging my upper back and neck at the time, actually jumped back a few feet and said \xe2\x80\x9cWow, what just happened?\xe2\x80\x9d  The child I saw was my child, he would have been the age my son would have been if he were alive, about 7 or 8 years old. When I thought back on this, I thought it was a little mean to slam me in the face with a soccer ball, but then I chuckled because I knew that was what was needed to get through my layers of grief. I knew he was telling me that he was fine and that I should \xe2\x80\x9cget on with my own life\xe2\x80\x9d.     ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",some,Broker-,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
45,ME ,1287,57,,F,"On January 12, 2002 something pivotal happened that enabled me to open my mind to believe in God. My husband Hank and I were staying at a historic, antique-filled bed and breakfast, Butternut Farm, in Glastonbury, Connecticut. (I dont think the owners of this establishment would want it to be made public that their bed and breakfast is haunted.) It was Saturday night and we went to sleep on the comfortable and luxurious bed. In the middle of the night, I woke up, eyes wide open, and sat up tall in bed. Looking back on this experience, I must have looked like I was in one of those movies when someone is under a spell and rises from their sleep with their eyes wide open, back straight as a board. I didnt hear or smell anything and I wasnt touched by anything but I instantly turned my head to the left and saw something. About three feet away from me, suspended in mid air about eye level to me, was a ghost. The ghost was shaped like a huge, round, horizontal Bayer aspirin tablet. It was flat on the top and bottom with rounded edges. It was about two feet in diameter. The ghost was made up of thousands of tiny black particles, each shaped like a sperm, which furiously rotated clockwise as fast as a tornado. It spun around so violently that it spewed off some of the tiny black particles. But, although the ghost was just a couple of feet away and although it was spinning as fast as a tornado, I didnt feel a breeze and none of the particles touched me. It was as if the ghost was contained in its own little world, separate from my human world. This whole experience actually lasted just a few seconds, because as soon as I sat up and turned my head and my eyes saw the ghost, as if it saw me looking at it, it instantly broke down into an amoebic mob of black particles and made a mad dash for the closed old door and disappeared through the long crack of the warped frame. I sat up for a while thinking about this experience. Strangely, I did not feel fear because if I did, I would have awakened my husband. I did feel a sort of fear because I didnt want to put my head back down on the pillow, afraid to go back to sleep, afraid the ghost would return. But I was very tired and layed back down to ponder what I should do. The next thing I knew, it was morning. As soon as we woke up, I told Hank about the ghost. He just listened to me. He looked like he was believing me. I told him there probably was a small chance it was all a dream but I didnt think so. It didnt feel like a dream. It felt real and I remembered it in vivid detail. When we went downstairs for breakfast, I was so excited that I told everyone in the dining room what happened to me that night. The two owners mockingly pooh-poohed my story but there was a visiting pastor from Pennsylvania. She also stayed overnight because she was to give a sermon at a nearby church. She confirmed that she was also visited by the ghost. She said she didnt see what I saw but she woke up during the night and felt its presence sitting in a chair by her bed. She said that in her line of work, people often came to her with stories and issues concerning ghosts and spirits. With the pastor as witness, I was validated 100% that I did indeed see a ghost. Actually, I think this pastor was an Angel because in the days ahead I tried to reach her but I couldnt find her anywhere, even though she gave me her business card. It was as if she disappeared. Seeing the ghost was a shocking but crucial experience. It had served a greater purpose in my life than just to amaze me. It took about a year for me to digest and process the ghost before I could tell anyone else. Then I told a friend. After getting this experience out, I started to really think about the ghost. It suddenly dawned on me that I saw a ghost! The reality of seeing a ghost, I realized, became proof that there really was a spiritual world. Standing now on the threshold of this whole new world, my mind looked out and wondered: Wow! Now that I know there really is a spiritual world and that ghosts are real, what else can I believe in? The answer came in my very next breath: God. But, still, I didnt find God for another year. And on that day, everything became crystal clear.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
46,ADC,1035,61,,F,"To continue the above, I knew that this had to be a sign from Herb. He was letting me know that he was around and that he was okay. I had once owned a volkswagen bug that I was fond of before I met Herb. I had told him how I missed that car. To have a volkwsagen bug in front of me with the license plate Herbie at just that time and place indicated to me that Herb was okay and was still alive in some form. I was comforted. Since then, I have had other signs from him that would be only meaningful to me, but that I know are from him.    ",,citizen,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",docto,educato,,widow,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
47,OBE,1289,33,,F,"I was doing some computer work, and the next instant, I was standing in a barn. I could smell the hay and straw, and on my right side were stalls for horses, but there werent any horses in there. At the end of the barn was a Dutch door, with the top half open. To the immediate right of the door was a window. I remember looking at my feet, and I had boots on (nothing Id wear to work). I could also see the straw, and it was a bit dirty. Looking back at the end of the barn, flowing through the door and window was the warmest, loving white light. The light knew and loved me. The next instant I was back at my desk.    ",,Natural c,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Unaffilia,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Secreta,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
48,ADC,1022,63,,F,We could not believe it at first. We both made other calls. What we felt was incredable love and joy.    ,,American,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
49,SDE,1070,53,,F,I began to feel I was in a tunnel of light and suddenly saw a very religious image of Jesus-he had a crown of thorns and a bleeding heart we did not speak but it was the first time I ever felt loved and I have never been the same since then    ,,usa    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,religious,Unaffilia,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,tax coo,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
50,SDE,1308,41,,F,"After I fell to the ground and my father was with me we chatted like normal, then all of a sudden he said we have to go and see my step-mother and brother. The whole time I experienced this the beautiful warmth and light was upon me, to describe the light as best I can, is like having a massive spotlight place over you and the rim of the light is pure white and protective, inside the light is the perfect warmth, like the temperature is set to perfection. As we walked over to my step-mother I said to her please dont be afraid I have Dad with me and he wants you to know this, I then placed my hand just under her left shoulder and just above her breast and said Dad wants you to know he loves you with all his heart and soul the look on my step-mothers face was shock and tears welled in her eyes. We then walked over to my Brother (who had a 20 yr feud with my sister) I said to him again, please dont be afraid I have Dad with me and he wants you to know, with that I then placed my hand over his stomach, and said Dad understands the feud between he and my sister is deep seated within them and could they please let the past be and find a way to love each other again, my brother was also shocked....I told him again, not to be afraid. After I gave these messages to my family, we walked over to a rose garden, the whole time the light was with me and the most beautiful, euphoric feeling I can not describe was with me. In between the messages I kept repeating to Dad how beautiful it was. When we sat at the rose garden, Dad asked me if there was anything they could do (we werent allowed to tell him during the week he was dying) I said there wasnt the cancer had spread to most of his body and I just kept also repeating Look Dad, look how beautiful it is I was just in awe of it. With that he was gone and I was back to reality. I returned to the motel we were staying at, thinking that the experience was spurred on by lack of sleep or stress. I thought I was losing my mind. Later that day I returned to the Hospital and was in the kitchen when a nurse came in and I told her that I thought I had lost my mind and was it normal when a loved one was dying, I told her about what I had experienced and thinking she would agree that it was stress induced, the nurse (Paula) then stated that is exactly what Dad would experience when he does finally pass. I was shocked. We both returned to Dads room only to find he was awake and outside in the courtyard, with two other nurses beside him. We couldnt believe it. He was telling my brother, as best he could as for most of the week it was hard to make sense out of much he was saying to us, he told my brother he had enough and then looked straight at me and said I have had enough Im ready to go because its beautiful isnt it buttons (a nickname Dad callled me) I was shocked but replied with a smile and said It certainly is Dad. The most wonderful calm came across me and I knew then everything would be alright. Paula (the nurse) then placed her hand on my shoulder and said, There is your confirmation. Later the next day, we all couldnt believe it when my brother and sister were standing in Dads room, hugging each other and genuinely sharing a laugh together. I then softly whispered in Dads ear, See Dad, you did it, I heard you and they are getting along now, everything is ok and you can go now. I know he heard me as I felt a weak grip on my hand as I was holding his hand. A few days later I found out that the messages I had given to my step-mother and brother were almost identical to what my Dad was trying to say the morning I had the experience with my father. I wasnt in the room at the time.    ",,Australia,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",High,Busines,,marri,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
51,ADC,1537,48,,F,    ,,Dual citi,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,School,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
52,ADC,1471,46,,F,"I cant find the right words for it, because I dont have the vocabulary knowledge to do so, but I try. My senses expanded. I could feel and see the spirituell part of us, and making the decision before it actually hit the human brain. It feels like someone is standing behind you and does everything for you and you are just the puppett. That means, I noticed in a conversation with my friends, we where sitting at a table, and we were debating on something, which actually did not make sense, but in that moment I have seen the spirit part of my friends saying lets go, and in that instant my friends got up and left. Than there was a situation I wanted to trade my car. So I went to the cardealer and talked to him, there was no reason that I would not have been able to trade in my car. I had money and good credit. But I heard the spirituell conversation again, and there was a headshaking no on my side and the cardealer said ok, I am not able to trade in your car. I wanted to by a cheap place, and there it was again, the no from both places. Everything I my ego wanted to do, I felt like I move against a wall. Everything I my ego thought would be good for me, moved through my fingers. I was actually out of control, even though I knew what I was doing. It did maked absolutely no sense to me than, now I do. I would share many many things. But I think I would have to talk or write to you more about it.    ",,US citize,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,none,"0 24,999",High,Clinica,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
53,ME ,1366,34,,F,"I was sitting under a tree and began to think the tree was conscious. Shortly thereafter I felt I was being contacted by my deceased father who said he was worried about the fact that my mother still smoked. (He died of lung cancer in 1981). After a day another entity took my fathers place. He said his name was Thieliel and that he was a Greek scribe who had been captured by the Assyrians and forced into service. I got a flash of him falling to his death from a tower and some pages of strange script. He said that as a suicide he had chosen to spend some time in the afterlife as a guide to prevent the suicide of someone else.  After this encounter, for several days the world seemed to get darker and more threatening, like, physically. My husband wanted to put me in a mental hospital and I feared Id never see my children again. At the worst of it I said a common Catholic prayer--at that point, I was hearing terrible suffering and was aware of this inky blackness. As soon as I said the prayer, whoosh! right out the top of my head into the Light. The Light was 1) timeless, 2) all knowing, 3) perfect love. I was part of it, yet myself also. I saw in this state that time as we know it is an illusion and that love and knowledge cannot be separated. I also had access to any knowledge, even things that today I would struggle to understand.    ",,I am a US,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
54,DEE,1335,29,,F,"It was a male voice, it must have sounded something like my then fianc&#233; because I thought it was him yelling my name. He yelled my name which alerted me to react which I did and I heard nothing else.    ",,A US citi,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,Outside,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
55,OBE,1552,9,,M,"The dream/experience seems to begin as usual but I started to notice things that I wouldnt normally catch my attention. The first item I recall was looking down at the cloverleaf intersection of the SR55 freeway (we called the Newport freeway even though its officially known as the Costa Mesa freeway) and Interstate 5. It was odd as it seemed as though it was daytime not nighttime. The next commented I made to myself was I could see the top of an apartment building nearby and the air conditioning units on the rooftop. Shortly after that point I felt or sensed something above me. A feeling of warm love and a golden light radiating from above but all around caught my attention. As it did, I slowly ascended towards this wonderful place above me but after a few moment I felt the presence of two beings. I dont seem to recall actually seeing anyone I just felt/knew they were there. There seemed to be something humorous or playful about them I want to say angels but it seems awkward to do so..... Anyway they told me I could not be there and that I had to go back, it was a little disappointing to hear but I didnt feel bad. I agreed after a bit and started to head down and when I felt there attention drift I turned back and headed towards the light. They quickly appeared or I felt them nearby and again they said I had to return. This time I, in the way of a child said, but its so wonderful I dont want too. At this, the beings, almost with a feeling of good humor and laughter said I had too! I played with them a bit trying to continue up but gave in and woke right up in bed. I knew instantly this wasnt just a dream....    ",,US citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",Some,Student,,single,widow,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
56,ADC,1326,49,,M,"Just finished Proof of Heaven last night following the book and movie of Nosso Lar. This has been a life changing two weeks for me. Fifteen years ago, while meditating one afternoon on my office couch, I felt two hands roll me 45 degrees from my back to my side. Suffered from chronic back pain as a result of an athletic injury at the age of thirty. Startled, yet at peace, looked up to see the deceased form of one of my fathers closest friends, a small town surgeon. Dr. Pauls hands went to the small of my back while simultaneously radiating incredible warmth and energy into the damaged lumbar area. I clearly proclaimed, I miss you Dr. Paul. He smiled, and after standing there for what seemed an eternity, drew his hands from my back, stepped away slowly and faded before my eyes. I immediately arose and went to my desk. For two hours I sat motionless while I recounted vivid memories of the man who had helped a boy whose father was killed when I was eight years old. Not until I stood up, did I realize that my back pain was completely gone, and had no idea that I would be pain free for the next ten years. I shall never forget Dr. Paul Myers.    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Busines,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
57,NDE,1447,15,,F,"When I was 15 years old, I woke up during the night unable to move my jaw bone. My teeth were clenched and my jaw felt locked. I tried to open my mouth but couldnt. Ive always been calm in a crises so I took a few deep breaths to try and relax, hoping that would release my jaw but it didnt work. I remember saying to myself Ill just go back to sleep and itll be all right in the morning. I fell asleep and saw I was in a tunnel which was lit up. I saw ghostly figures at the end of the tunnel beckoning me forward. Just as I got to the end of the tunnel, it began to recede and I was being drawn back to my bed. This upset me and I fought to get to the light but I couldnt. As I left, one of the ghostly figures told me that if I left I couldnt come back, that this was my only chance to go there. When I woke up, the whole experience felt like a dream, including not being able to move my jaw. I soon forgot about it. Years later when I was in my late thirties, I experienced double vision and went for an MRI. The consultant said I was fine, no problems, but that Id had a mini stroke when I was a teenager. It was then I remembered my experience. I told the consultant what had happened to me at the age of 15, (leaving out the spiritual bit) and he said that it definitely sounded like a mini stroke. Was this a near death experience and was it my only chance? Im quite worried! I would appreciate any insights. Thank you.    ",,Irish cit,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,week,moder,avera,"25,000 49",Junio,n/a. I,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,youth
58,DEE,1399,51,,M,"I could hear people speaking who were around me, was well aware of my surroundings--I did not expect this visitation to happen. I had said a little prayer (just in case) asking for forgiveness for those I had directly or indirectly hurt, and waited to die--so I thought. I wondered what it would feel like; i.e., would the lights just go out, would it be painful, or what. I could not tell the sex of my visitor, it appeared to clothed in a lovely robe-like material, was very human in appearance, had a lovely smile, appeared gentle and loving and I could see through it. What surprised me most is that it spoke to me without words. The thoughts just jumped into my mind. It knew what I wanted to know just as I had the thought develop in my mind, and I remarked, \xe2\x80\x9cHow did you do that?\xe2\x80\x9d Looking back on the experience, that thought makes me smile every time I think about it--it really happened that way. The message was that of love, that it did not matter whether I lived or died--I would be cared for. Finally, the overriding message was, LOVE WAS ALL THAT MATTERED and I did not need to worry. The visitor stayed with me for some time (several minutes) and when I turned to look away, out the cabin window, I could see the lights of a city below. When I turned back, my visitor was gone. In a way, this proved how real the visitation was. It was NO dream. After the plane landed, I was met by an ambulance and taken to Daniel Freeman Hospital. Thinking that I had a Mexican GI upset I was taken to a ward treating GI problems, a nurse noticed that my blood pressure dropped to nearly zero, I was then rushed to a CC unit and placed under the care of a cardiologist, Dr. Ciralo (sp?). There I was diagnosed with severe cardiac dilatation and heart failure, it wasnt until later that a pheochromocytoma was discovered. I was severely hypertensive and apparently this was the cause of my heart failure. When my hypertensive condition was brought under control, my heart returned to normal. This was all documented by ultrasonography and angiography. The pheochromocytoma was removed from my abdomen 1 month later at Cottage Hospital in Santa Barbara. I think back on the experience and still worry about the unknown, but listening to the audio tape of your book has helped restore my faith in the reality of my experience. Thank you!! My experience is with me nearly every day. My visitor never returned, but I do think we\xe2\x80\x99ll meet again someday.    ",,US citize,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"100,000+",post,Practic,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
59,ADC,1448,63,,F,"In an instant, I was wherever Prince was. I recall the vivid brightness that didnt hurt my eyes but was incredible. I was standing on I would have to say green grass, a more brilliant green than any imaginable. Around me were a few bushes and small clumps of flowers, very brilliant colors but they were not what was interesting me. Ahead and slightly left was a white structure, like stucco, astoundingly brilliant white, think it had an A pitched white roof, and was full of open round arch windows....no actual windows just openings. From my vantage point my brown and white Paint horse, Prince, was on the far side of this structure, racing to the right and then left, then right, I felt in an effort to come to me, but he couldnt. I could see him beyond all these arched openings. Then I was jolted to the reality that I had seen him, he was ok, and I was happily upset.     ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
60,DEE,1095,61,,F,"I was very concerned about a pending operation and had a 2nd consultation with my surgeon. Previously, when it became clear to me that I needed an operation, I had an inner feeling to look at a local hospital website. I selected this particular surgeon as being most compatible with my needs, and again had an inner feeling that she was right for me.  When we entered the consulting room, a turquoise colour human like shape followed the surgeon. This entity sat beside me during the entire vist as my sugeon described the procedure and aftercare to me. I felt a sense of peace and reassurance from this figure which I would describe as being most likely her guide.     ",,British,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,yoga tu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
61,ME ,1268,40,,F,"I kept asking if there is a God I want to see God. If God is perfect I want to see perfection. I saw the brightest white gold silver light, felt absolute unconditional love touch me I was apart of it but as a spark of being a recipient of this love. The feeling of peace and tranquility was supreme. Then I got scared and thought maybe Im oxygen deprived and Im dying which stopped the experience as suddenly as it began.    ",,American,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
62,NDA,1380,59,,F,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
63,NDE,1197,17,,F,"I was standing by the deep end of the pool, when a boy from the football team tackled me and sent me to the bottom of the pool. As I sat on the bottom of the pool, the Virgin Mary appeared to my on my right hand side. She was bathed in a pure, light with soft cream and blue colors. She spoke to me with out words, she said.. relax, it is not your time to go yet. I felt peace, love, calmness..    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
64,NDE,1389,47,,F,see #8    ,,US    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"100,000+",post,psychol,,divor,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
65,NDE,1237,35,,M,see #43    ,,US    Q.,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,social,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
66,ADC,1081,46,,F,I have 30 journals with all 285 dreams.    ,,United st,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Junio,Clothin,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
67,ADC,1274,52,,F,My observation was the ethereal vision of my mother and my fathers arms hugging me around my shoulders. Both my brother &amp; I had no question whos hug it was as he did it often with his kids. There was no sound that specifically went with anything seen or felt...just the sounds of the hospital. I learned that my father came for my mother and took her Home with him...what a great feeling to know/feel.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Corpora,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
68,ME ,1228,42,,F,"It was completely and deeply black. I couldnt see anything in front of me. Then I saw a very faint dot-like light. I was very curious. It started to get closer and closer. I was extremely surprised,found it funny, that what was getting closer was a neon angel. I dont mean an angel with beautiful wings or anything but a very cheap-looking angel made up of one continuous long neon tube sort of like what hangs in some stores saying OPEN. It stopped in front of me and I was sort of laughing to myself because it looked kind of silly floating out there in front of me. Then the bottom opened up and whoosh knowledge started coming into me. Not just into my head into my entire body. I knew everything. I felt that my body would not be able to contain all of this knowledge and that I would explode. I became very frightened because I thought that I was dying. I said to myself no. Within a fraction of a second it stopped and the knowledge was taken back just as it had been delivered: with a whoosh. I woke up very shaken and afraid.    ",,United St,"100,00",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Secreta,,single,single,No,very little,Pleasant & distressing,adult
69,ME ,1270,29,,F,"In 1974 I was 29 years of age. (I am now 67 years of age.) I was feeling pretty despondent at that time, having spent four years trying to make a living as a visual fine artist in Manhattan but not succeeding. Not knowing how else to support myself, I enlisted in the Army. But as the day of my enlistment grew near, I was becoming increasingly anxious and fearful. I was a free spirit and knew I would hate losing my freedom and someone else telling me what to do. But if I didnt go, I didnt know how else to take care of myself. I did not want to go back to secretarial work, not after I fell in love with art. I was stuck in a tight spot.  Three days before the big day, I was sitting on my hotel bed. I had given up my apartment in Little Italy and took a room for 3 months in a midtown Manhattan hotel. I was just staring out into my room, not knowing which way to turn. It was daytime. With the suddenness of a light switch just turned on, a brilliant white, round glow with a more brilliant Christian cross embedded in the middle of the glow appeared before my eyes. The vision was suspended in mid air. The glow and cross were about ten inches tall and sat about eight feet in front of me, a little lower than my eye level. The light that emanated from the glow was contained. There werent any rays coming from it. The whole cross fit totally within the glow. The cross was a plain, elegant cross with no detail. The ends of the narrow vertical and horizontal bars were cut straight across. (This vision was entirely visual. I didnt feel, smell or hear anything.) Although the glow and cross were as intensely bright as a flame, I stared easily into it. I wasnt afraid by its presence or doubted what was before my eyes. I never said to myself, What is this? or Why is a Christian cross coming to me? I\xe2\x80\x99m Jewish. Actually, my mind was blank, without any thoughts. But I was transfixed by this sight, spiritually locked into it. I was aware that the glow and cross were calming me down, making me feel peaceful and serene. I think I was staring at it for a short period of time, maybe 15 minutes.  I remember how the glow and cross came on but I dont remember how it went away. After staring at it, I think I put my head down on a pillow and went to sleep. But the strange thing is that when I awoke, not only wasnt the vision still there but I didnt even remember that I saw it. Actually, I didnt remember this event until 30 years later, when I was sitting in my car experiencing my epiphany, which I talked about in my February 23 submission to you. Looking back at that time, the glow and cross did not tell me if I should go into the Army or not. What this vision did was to calm me down, relax me and relieve me of a paralyzing anxiety which was keeping me from seeing clearly and making the right decision for myself. Relaxed and clear thinking, I made the easy decision to withdraw from my Army enlistment. I went to the Army base and explained how I felt. The female officer there agreed and gave me an honorable discharge.      ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Visual,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
70,DEE,1136,47,,M,just did that    ,,AUSTRALIA,"25,000",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Prefer no,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",maste,builder,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
71,OBE,1552,9,,M,"The dream/experience seems to begin as usual but I started to notice things that I wouldnt normally catch my attention. The first item I recall was looking down at the cloverleaf intersection of the SR55 freeway (we called the Newport freeway even though its officially known as the Costa Mesa freeway) and Interstate 5. It was odd as it seemed as though it was daytime not nighttime. The next commented I made to myself was I could see the top of an apartment building nearby and the air conditioning units on the rooftop. Shortly after that point I felt or sensed something above me. A feeling of warm love and a golden light radiating from above but all around caught my attention. As it did, I slowly ascended towards this wonderful place above me but after a few moment I felt the presence of two beings. I dont seem to recall actually seeing anyone I just felt/knew they were there. There seemed to be something humorous or playful about them I want to say angels but it seems awkward to do so..... Anyway they told me I could not be there and that I had to go back, it was a little disappointing to hear but I didnt feel bad. I agreed after a bit and started to head down and when I felt there attention drift I turned back and headed towards the light. They quickly appeared or I felt them nearby and again they said I had to return. This time I, in the way of a child said, but its so wonderful I dont want too. At this, the beings, almost with a feeling of good humor and laughter said I had too! I played with them a bit trying to continue up but gave in and woke right up in bed. I knew instantly this wasnt just a dream....    ",,US citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",Some,Student,,single,widow,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
72,ADC,1071,18,,F,My grandmother was wearing a light blue chiffon looking gown similar to the one I remember her being buried in. She radiated light from within and around her. She was holding my baby niece in her arms and said to me that Jessie would be with her and that everything would be ok. The dream was very short and I do not recall any other details if there were any.    ,,Natural c,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,I was j,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
73,ADC,1198,51,,F,"I found myself sitting alone in a row of seats in front of another row of seats where Sharon sat behind me to the left. I looked back at her and saw her cutting off her beautiful hair, taking handfuls and just cutting. Then she began pulling at it in an anguished way, hacking away, and then began pulling at the skin on her face. The next moment we were standing hugging each other with such complete and total, unconditional love,rocking back and forth, seeing such love in her eyes, feeling incredible love beaming into me from her, I was weeping with joy knowing she was alright, that she was happy, in a good place. I woke myself up weeping with joy and grief and gratitude all at the same time, and I knew she had come to let me know she was alright, in a place of great love. I am weeping now as I write this because I now know where she is. I know. Where my sisters went.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,none,"0 24,999",High,artist,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
74,OBE,1037,22,,F,No noise no sounds it all happened very fast.    ,,US    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Office,,single,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
75,ME ,1462,23,,M,"Floating in an erect and body as light air: As I was walking, I became aware of a strangely subtle force coming over me. I felt a kind of vibration starting to run up through my body. It was soft at first, then became more pronounced as time went on. I felt the top of my head being pulled straight up while at the same time, my hips were being pulled downward into the earth. It felt as though I was being supported by a bolt of energy that literally ran through my body. The energy expanded from above me and from down below at the same time. My posture became very straight and It felt as though I was floating and weightless within it. I was surprised at how effortless it was to be so light and erect. It reminded me of the description a Tai Chi teacher once gave me of how to stand correctly, as if heaven were pulling me upwards by the top of my head and earth pulling me downwards from somewhere near the prostrate.  Effortless Breathing  Breathing became deep, light and effortless. I found myself witnessing each breath without the experience of guilt or anxiety resisting each in or exhale. All the usual tension in my solar plexus, tightness in my diagram and tension in my lungs had vanished. Breathing became a brand new experience for me, where I was able to take very satisfying and refreshing breaths.I marveled at what was happening to me, It felt wonderful to feel so free and light on the earth in my body. After time it occurred to me that this experience surely couldnt last very long because it felt so wonderful. I waited a while to see if it would leave. I waited for the familiar tension, anxiety, the heaviness of the body and breath to return. After a very short time, I let go and allowed the wonderful experience to guide me. Where did the mind go? As I surrendered more to the experience I became aware that thoughts werent being created on the fly, I had them, but I was creating them when needed and by choice, by powerful choice, they werent free floating and coming out of no where and they certainly werent attacking me. It was like the experiences of floating lightly within my body that had a very erect posture or breathing unburdened by guilt, anxiety, depression, anger, self hatred, self judgement. Now I was experiencing emptiness where 100s of thoughts per seconds should have been. The triad of experiences was connected together and created a sense of great joy, understanding and freedom. Freeing because I had always known myself to be what my thoughts told me I was, and here, those thoughts not existing at all, it was a beautiful realization that I still lived on without them. With the mind being opaque, its opinions laid to rest, the veil of ignorance lifted and laid bare, the truth stood squarely in my face, It was awe inspiring it was beautiful, it was more than joyful. There was no doubt about It. It became clear to me that the mind was not all powerful, all knowing or omnipotent, but rather a mirage that wasnt there when looked at from the side of truth. The truth not only showed what the I was part of, bliss, freedom, love, oneness with all, but at the same time, what I have never been; body, guilty and deserving of punishment, hatred, shame, terror and death. The mind was impotent and could not stand its ground when directly facing the truth. Experiencing truth was the most joyous, romantic and blissful experience. I was free from the slavery of illusion, free to experience the reality of my being, free to love and be loved solely because I was.  How could my past vanish without sins being accounted for? I pondered the implications of how such a ferociously powerful mind grasping into every part of my being every second of my life could have been tossed aside into non existence so matter of faculty. All that I had known myself to be was born out of the abuse and abandonment by my parents. Guilt, anxiety, self hatred, fear\xe2\x80\xa6 they had been my family in the absence of a family, all gone in a flash. How could it be that all sins were forgiven just like that as if thered never been a past me? What did this mean about my reality? Then it occurred to me, for the first time in my life, I was awake. I had never experienced being awake like this. By realizing that I was awake, I could see how I had been dreaming. Truth was showing me that the mind had been lulling me into an non ending dream state with all of its endless thoughts. I had simply awoken from a dream of guilt and shame, terror and death and saw that I had been dreaming. Being able to tell the difference between a dream and being awake is the truth, it is everything, all doubt vanishes. It is easy to tell one has been dreaming when one is awake and therefor no the difference between dreaming and experiencing the truth. For an instant, I felt a deep sadness that I had treated God with such d",,USA    Q.,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,weekly,never,avera,none,"0 24,999",Some,Ive had,,single,marri,Unc,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
76,NDE,1192,10,,F,"Coolness. Being wrapped up in peace. Movement forward. Again, no voice, but a sound. I can still hear it. A whooshing of sorts. it was so comforting. Amazing.    ",,Citizen U,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Child,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
77,DEE,1183,4,,F,"It was night and I was in bed. I dont recall this part well, but somehow I became aware that my father was not at home. (I was somewhere between 3-5 years old) My father had gone to visit a neighbor two doors down (old Mr Safran) I was a timid child and for some reason I was utterly scared of this neighbor, even though there was no reason to be. He actually was a kindly old gentleman who even remembered the neighborhood children in his will but for whatever reason I was very frightened of him. When I awoke and realized it was (to me at least) late at night and my father was not yet home, I was terrified that Mr Safran had hurt him or killed him. (Again, no reason why I would think this) I was laying in my bed and I was terrified. I dont remember if I was crying, but if I was, it wasnt loud enough for my mother to hear. I was (and still am) the type of person that does not cry out for help. I dont know if I was praying for my father to be ok as I dont remember if I was old enough to have been taught about free-form prayers. Anyway, I felt a warm, comforting, loving presence that assured me everything would be OK. (And of course it was, as my father had never been in any danger whatsoever other than in my mind) It was like being wrapped up in a warm soft blanket of love and happiness. It was so long ago and I was so young that I dont remember anything beyond that but I have never forgotten it either. I did not see or hear anything, it was completely a feeling of love and reassurance.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,none ch,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
78,ADC,1315,47,,F,"After the Beach Boys &amp; Louie Louie songs played, and I talked with the other shoppers about feeling my sister had made the DJ play Louie Louie, I walked home. I was sad that my sister had died (she survived 8 months after dx with cancer), I was exuberant that she had contacted me. I talked with my father over the phone. He said that after the memorial service for her, he was cleaning the drink containers. A butterfly of a hue hed never seen (and he was an astute Naturalist) landed on the tap. He decided to leave that tap &amp; go inside. Came back the next day &amp; same butterfly was there. 3rd day &amp; it was there again. He said Kathi, if that is you, go on to Heaven and the butterfly flew around his head &amp; on up into the sky. Dad became more spiritual after that    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
79,ADC,1372,15,,F,"I only heard, I did not see anything other than the room I was standing in. I understood that my mother loved me.    ",,US citize,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
80,NDE,1509,57,,M,"I awaken to the most beautiful music, but it is so much more than music. It is not just sound, it is everything. Blue is a pronounced theme, but it is so much more than that. There are other colours, yet no darkness, no shadows. The source of the music is a person whose features I cannot see yet somehow know that she is creating the musical accompaniment to this experience. She is the most perfect Phantom of the Opera organist. The sound/music emanates from everywhere, yet I see it as notes floating from a pipe organ, but it is not a pipe organ. It is so much more. I know that she is my sister, yet I dont recognize her. I know that everything is as it should be. There is no time to the experience. It is not like an event that can be measured in minutes, hours, days or years; it simply IS. There is an OBE amidst all of this, which I think has its own area within this questionnaire.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
81,DEE,1453,49,,F,It was a long time ago. I dont remember any sound or light just the most incredible source of love I will never forget.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Airline,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
82,ME ,1015,48,,M,I felt the utmost gratitude and humility when caring for my beloved father during his final weeks. The peace which I have carried with me from this experience remains.    ,,Australia,1 mill,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",High,self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
83,SDE,1278,62,,F,"I was attending a morning funeral of my Bible Study leader, a very kind man named David C., on Saturday, March 15, 2008 at the Trinity Episcopal Church in New York. The large church was packed, as David was much beloved. He was a top executive at Citibank and many co-workers were there. David was a fairly young man at 50 when he passed suddenly of a massive heart attack while he was working out before work at his local gym. While sitting in the church listening to Davids eulogies, his beloved friend and pastor (forgot his name) got up to speak at the front of the church, with Davids coffin near him. I suddenly looked up and midway between the peoples heads and the high ceiling, I saw something that looked different. It was air. Normally, you do not see air but I saw an oval-shaped, contained body of wavy air about 6-7 feet long, hovering near the front of the church where the people were sitting. The wavy air didnt move from its position. It didnt go up or down or right or left. I didnt hear anything, taste anything or touch anything while looking at this image. I just saw it. I didnt feel anything in particular. I just stared at it, without feeling, which is how I usually react when Im witnessing a miracle or something spiritual from God. At some point I stopped looking at it, probably when the funeral was over. In the next day or two I thought about the contained body of wavy air and then I knew that was Davids spirit or soul watching his own funeral, wanting to be there with his beloved wife, sons, family, friends and co-workers. I sent an email to everyone I knew at the funeral to tell them that Davids soul was present with us at his funeral. I hand wrote a note to Davids widow, Cathy, to tell her that David was with her and their sons at his funeral. No one responded to my mail. What the viewing of the wavy air told me was that the Soul and/or Spirit is real. I saw it with my own eyes. Also, that we humans dont really die, we pass on. Yes, our bodies die but our souls are then released and return back into Eternity with God. I like to tell as many people as I can the comforting news that we dont really die, we pass on. And that the Soul, Spirit is real and returns to God when we pass. Some people express comfort to me when I tell them. Some people just stare at me. I feel my job is to just tell people the good news of what I experience spiritually. Whether they believe me or not is up to them. I dont try to convince them that what Im saying is true. I just tell them for them to do with whatever they like.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
84,OBE,1044,29,,F,"I observed my sons spirit in a protective uniform of the canadian mounted horse police. Although a child that would have been mine on earth, he was still with me. He inferred later in my life that he would always be there to protect and guide me. I named him Joseph because he came to me at St Josephs hospital. Also, Chief Joseph was one of my favorite Native Chiefs at the time. I was elated after the incident. I knew he was mine and mine alone. That he survived as a guardian. It told me that my abortion did not kill anyones spirit. I learned that the childs spirit doesnt always enter the womb when conceived.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
85,ADC,1144,57,,M,"Now, I must say that it is not completely uncommon to see deer in our yard although, for whatever reason, I hadnt seen any for a few months. I work from home and have a large window next to my desk that looks out over our back yard. I asked Christine to send deer because I felt it would be solid confirmation if, on the very day I asked to see deer, it actually happened. Unfortunately, on this particular day I was so consumed with work that I dont even remember looking out my window. By the time I realized it was already dark outside, I also realized I never saw any deer. I was terribly disappointed with myself that I hadnt come up for air all day. Did Christine send the deer and I missed the signal to look up and out the window? Or did she not hear my plea? Maybe Im making this all up after all. I have been working on my computer moving very large files around and so before going upstairs for dinner with my wife (Christines mom), I begin a disk compression operation that takes a significant amount of time. I click the start button and go to dinner.  After dinner I came back downstairs to see the progress for my disk compression. Its going very slowly. To pass some time I start poking around on one of the other hard drives to see whats on it. I come across an obscurely named folder I havent seen for a while called My Pictures (GoFlex1TB)\\Canon60D NotSaved. As I click through the various subfolders, I randomly stop at one called 118CANON with several pictures. I cant really tell what they are from the thumbnails so I click on the one named IMG7578.JPG. When the photo opens in full-screen, I about fall out of my chair ... its a photograph that I took from my office window ... of a deer not 10 yards away! ... right outside my office window! ... just like I asked Christine! And not only that but when I look at the date it was taken, I realize I took it (and this completely blew me away) ... I took the photograph exactly one year ago ... to the day!  To ... the ... day!  So I still hadnt seen deer outside my window in months ... at least not by looking out my window! But Christine found a way ... in that mischievous way of hers ... to answer my request. The very next morning, as I am taking a sip of coffee, staring out the window, getting ready to start my day and thinking about the beautiful gift Christine gave to me the night before ... I suddenly see a deer streak from the woods running right-to-left across the yard ... right outside my office window! Wow! ... All I can say is Wow!    ",,U.S. Citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Senior,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
86,ME ,1231,2,,F,"First, you must understand that my memory is remarkable. Although not purely photographic, the depth and breadth of my abilities are pretty striking. I remember almost everything going back to this experience. Thats what makes it stick out so much to me. My human consciousness takes me back to this day and there is literally nothing in my memories before it. There is not trauma, no injury, no conceivable explanation for that absence. With that, the STE starts with me floating in the universe. Im very calm and have absolutely no concerns or preconceived notions about where Im going. All there is was the sudden realization that I exist. As I float, I can see earth getting closer. I start to fall through the atmosphere, the clouds, etc. but the experience is not frightening at all. I see things start to form on the ground, like roadways and towns. I see what would be my small town, circle terrace, the top of a bunch of houses, etc. as I continue my downward movement. Just as I get ready to hit the roof of our house, my eyes open in my bedroom. Thus begins my consciousness, my memories, and my life on this planet.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
87,ADC,1313,41,,F,"My experience was a feeling that was both emotional and physical in nature. I cant say that I saw or heard anything, but I felt an overwhelming sense of peace and well being, which was odd considering that my dad had suddenly just died. I learned that my dad was completely and totally okay even though he was dead.    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Writer/,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
88,DEE,1439,42,,M,"I saw the white light an that changed my view of the world. I suddenly understood what love is and the Power of love. I also understood in a different way most of the speaking from Jesus and other spiritual persons as Eckhart Tolle, Deepak Chopra, etc. In some way I just recoqnized what they were saying as the truth.    ",,Norwegian,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
89,NDE,1447,15,,F,"When I was 15 years old, I woke up during the night unable to move my jaw bone. My teeth were clenched and my jaw felt locked. I tried to open my mouth but couldnt. Ive always been calm in a crises so I took a few deep breaths to try and relax, hoping that would release my jaw but it didnt work. I remember saying to myself Ill just go back to sleep and itll be all right in the morning. I fell asleep and saw I was in a tunnel which was lit up. I saw ghostly figures at the end of the tunnel beckoning me forward. Just as I got to the end of the tunnel, it began to recede and I was being drawn back to my bed. This upset me and I fought to get to the light but I couldnt. As I left, one of the ghostly figures told me that if I left I couldnt come back, that this was my only chance to go there. When I woke up, the whole experience felt like a dream, including not being able to move my jaw. I soon forgot about it. Years later when I was in my late thirties, I experienced double vision and went for an MRI. The consultant said I was fine, no problems, but that Id had a mini stroke when I was a teenager. It was then I remembered my experience. I told the consultant what had happened to me at the age of 15, (leaving out the spiritual bit) and he said that it definitely sounded like a mini stroke. Was this a near death experience and was it my only chance? Im quite worried! I would appreciate any insights. Thank you.    ",,Irish cit,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,week,moder,avera,"25,000 49",Junio,n/a. I,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,youth
90,DEE,1280,56,,F,"During the Sanctus (Holy Holy Holy) I was raised off the floor.  I have been hoping it would happen again, because I was praising God with a huge choir of Angels. realy gave me chills. I have a nice choir @ church, but this was extra special with trumpets blaring and a great choir of ? Angels singing.    ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",Junio,Radiogr,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
91,ME ,1366,34,,F,"I was sitting under a tree and began to think the tree was conscious. Shortly thereafter I felt I was being contacted by my deceased father who said he was worried about the fact that my mother still smoked. (He died of lung cancer in 1981). After a day another entity took my fathers place. He said his name was Thieliel and that he was a Greek scribe who had been captured by the Assyrians and forced into service. I got a flash of him falling to his death from a tower and some pages of strange script. He said that as a suicide he had chosen to spend some time in the afterlife as a guide to prevent the suicide of someone else.  After this encounter, for several days the world seemed to get darker and more threatening, like, physically. My husband wanted to put me in a mental hospital and I feared Id never see my children again. At the worst of it I said a common Catholic prayer--at that point, I was hearing terrible suffering and was aware of this inky blackness. As soon as I said the prayer, whoosh! right out the top of my head into the Light. The Light was 1) timeless, 2) all knowing, 3) perfect love. I was part of it, yet myself also. I saw in this state that time as we know it is an illusion and that love and knowledge cannot be separated. I also had access to any knowledge, even things that today I would struggle to understand.    ",,I am a US,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
92,ME ,1379,49,,F,"I wish my daughter was writing this but I can share my experience. My daughter and I are very close. We have an unusually amazing mother \xe2\x80\x93 daughter relationship. I was scared during the 30 minutes she was in the cabinet and the lights were out. I stayed hyper aware of my surroundings. I knew Mychael was the real deal but I had a small amount of doubt in my mind that apporting was real and not a show. Inside the cabinet were s&#233;ance trumpets. One of the s&#233;ance trumpets was in front of my daughter but far enough away that she could not tip it over. She was seated in a chair, in the middle of the cabinet. After chanting, I heard something in the cabinet. It sounded like feet shuffling. Then, the trumpet tipped over. I got scared! I asked Mychael what he was doing and he told me it was not him. He was sitting in his chair the entire time and no one else could have possibly entered the space. He told me he thought an Ascended Master was trying to use the trumpet to talk to us! I began to shake! I have never been near anything like this. I am open-minded but full of old dogma from the JW religion. All my fears came up. I was scared but stayed silent. Soon, I felt the curtain on the cabinet brush across my foot. Mychael and I were sitting just outside the cabinet curtains so I would feel comfortable with my daughters training. Now, I am really getting freaked out. I could hear the pvc pipes that hold the curtains on the cabinet creaking. I checked with my hand to be sure Mychael was not pulling a prank on me. He wasn\xe2\x80\x99t; he was right there next to me in his chair. In all the years that Mychael has been trying to train people to apport, no one has apported! Especially not on their first try.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"100,000+",maste,She is,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
93,ME ,1361,26,,F,My friends were pouring oil over me anointing me. I had prayed before going to bed that night that God would some how make something in me occur so that I could have faith. One of my friends had a such a deep faith in God and Jesus yet she had no evidence at all because her life was hard. Very difficult circumstances yet she continued to believe in Gods love for her. I thought to myself that I would like to have some of that faith because I admired it. But I knew I didnt have it. So I asked God for it. I said God if you are real please provide me with a bit of faith so that I might believe in you as well.    ,,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,I had j,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
94,OBE,1500,39,,M,    ,,Born in t,2001 2,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,avera,littl,"50,000 99",maste,For the,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
95,ME ,1451,24,,M,"Detail may take a bit more space than there is here, but I will attempt. Briefly, very tired, I fell into a deep sleep. In what seemed like the beginning of a dream sequence, I found myself on the second floor of a mansion in town that I was quite personally familiar with. From a spot in the hall, I noticed flashing lights coming from the hallway of the west wing. Irritated and needing to investigate I went in their direction. Where the halls joined at a right angle, still more lights and, of all people, my great aunt staring into the lights at the end of the hall. Very agitated at this occurence, not knowing if it was fire, or some other upset that required my attention, I began a trot in its direction. At that point I recall (kind of like Santas reindeer!) a lifting of my feet and legs and up I went. In very short order all went dark, all fell away (my body, place, circumstances)and the essential me of me was involved in an ascent...until coming to said portal mentioned earlier in which all I can recall were cloudlike formations over a cauldronlike (and that word is not to have any negative connotation) basis...with what was bubbling up from the cauldron mixing in with the clouds above it and this was perfection and creation in action. My KNOWING at that time was that I was in everything, everything was in me, and that everything was in a perfect balance. The other notion I had was that the energy was so powerful that if it were withdrawn everything would collapse, but that that would not happen...furthermore, the word calibrated came to mind. As in, everything was perfectly calibrated to hold only its allotment of that energy, and that one-zillionth more of it and a body would burst into bits. At the portals edge, even though I had no body or even much in the way of caring about what had happened to it, I do recall my hands grabbing the portals edge and I kind of docked there and went no further...only witnessed the roiling of the generator of all that is, was and would be (as described before.) At about the point of docking and peering in, I was conscious, alert, awake and aware, and said to myself: OMG, Im dying! and then something to the effect of I didnt want to do that. (That would be the distressing part and I almost clicked another choice for 42.) As soon as I said that the experience of coming down began, the up there having been short-circuited by my ambivalence or fear...even as I quick-changed my mind and said, No, NO! (leave me up here for a while longer.) The coming down was not so memorable in and of itself. What there is to know is that I did then and still do sleep on my back...and I felt as if my feet were the first to gain life back and then the descent of the rest back down as if my astral back to stomach and like that. As my arms were folded across my chest, they were the last to come to and I recall being conscious of that happening. Upon full re-entry I was quite astonished at the whole thing and lept out of bed as if every cell was on fire and said Holy S**t, Theres nothing I cant do! Later on I went at myself over that notion-thinking that it was a bit egocentric, but I digress. I further recall that everything in the room had a bit of a glow to it, and so probably did I. I also remember being fascinated at a pencil in my room. Its interiority struck me as magnificent...and to think that none of it (me, my body, material circumstances) had mattered or even existed just moments before was quite startling.     ",,full citi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,I was i,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
96,ME ,1103,20,,M,"As I stood there crying and asking God why he would put me through this I heard a voice. It was not exactly audible, but I heard it in my mind as though it was audible. The statement was very short and concise: You are not alone. That was all. It wasnt booming. It didnt have attending angels or visions, only that one sentence. And yet the reality of it stuck with me. It was not like it hit home or bowled me over. It was just .... true. And nothing else. My grief didnt end, my situation didnt change. The heartbreak continued for months afterwards. However, it made a mark in me that I could not ignore. It is almost as if I could never be naive again about being alone. I shook my fist and cursed God sometimes, but I have never, since that day, believed I was alone. Oh, I am sometimes lonely, but thats situational. I never believe Im alone.    ",,Natural c,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
97,ADC,1394,49,,F,"Terry Dean                         1946-2012 Terry was a well-known and dedicated musician in the Overberg and Hermanus. Terry\xe2\x80\x99s battle with cancer started in 2007-where it was diagnosed in the colon. He was successfully operated on in September that year and recovered, remaining healthy until March 2009, when a tumour was removed from his small intestine. He received chemotherapy at Tygerberg Hospital afterwards and seemed well. He continued to play his gigs-he said the music took his mind away from the pain. His last gig was just after New Year 2012 at the Shuntin\xe2\x80\x99 Shed in Bot River-but he was very weak by then.  The last six months of his life, he was cared for at home-with the help of Hospice. Terry slipped into a coma on Thursday 28th June-I spoke to him and told him it was alright to move on, that his daughters T&#232;gan and Tullia, and I, would be fine. I also asked him to send me a sign when he crossed over. He passed away in the early hours of Friday morning. He was smiling. I knew he had left us, and in the early winter morning, I looked out of the window up at the grey sky-completely overcast except for a very defined sliver of blue sky- in the perfect shape of an electric guitar. I was so grateful for that sign. Terry had asked a good friend of his to sell his beloved Fender Telecaster (which he bought in America) to help support his family-as he had been unable to work for months. I was told that the lady who bought it was called Tracy; and she had bought it for her partner, John, whom we had never met, as they live near Johannesburg. The morning of Terry\xe2\x80\x99s passing; I received a call from Tracy, enquiring how Terry was. I told her that he had passed away in the early hours of that morning. She gave me condolences and put John on the phone. This is what he told me: On the night in question, at about 11:45 p.m. my very faithful dog, Sasha, nudged me with her nose and would not stop...until I got out of bed. I was at my farm, not far from Hartebeespoort Dam at the time. Only to find Sasha sitting next to the Fender case... I made a cup of coffee, called my dog to the kitchen and she would not budge. I know that it sounds weird, but, I had to play the telecaster... my dog left the room as soon as I plugged the guitar into the amp... played a few bars of John Lee Hooker and went to bed. As you know I phoned you the next morning to offer my condolences... how I knew that?... your Terry was with me, of that I am sure... I feel that he has been back, too often I find myself compelled to play the tele. Bear in mind, I have seven other guitars, all very good... but the tele keeps calling...??? The guitar is well and safe... I play the smoke out of it and love the mood it leaves me with... I am sure you understand what I mean by that. In any case, I have no opinion on the life here after, but, Terry Dean was with me and wanted to hear me play, to see if I was up to scratch, I think?  When John woke up the following morning he said to Tracy, \xe2\x80\x9cTerry\xe2\x80\x99s gone.\xe2\x80\x9d    ",,South Afr,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,avera,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Self-em,,marri,widow,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
98,ADC,1562,35,,M,"Some days later of that incident I was aline in the kitchen. I was very disturbed and I was crying. I was alone. And with the eyes of mY maind I saw my parents coming to me. Right in front. Both of them. And they said you are our daugther, please forgive your brother they arr as floting and I cant see their foot.    ",,Costarica,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
99,PLR,1194,42,,F,See #43.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",post,Clinica,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
100,ME ,1164,13,,F,"I, once again, knew I was part of something much larger than myself and the people and circumstances below. It filled me in some way that allowed me to feel comforted rather than continuing to feel so alone. And then it was over.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Outside,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
101,ADC,1378,29,,F,I observed my uncle sitting in a chair in our spare bedroom and communicating mind to mind about the place or current state he was communicating from. I was happy to see him but was unable to comprehend the message he was sending. I left knowing that his consciousness survived his death 7 months earlier. He was wearing an old white sweat shirt and tan pants that I remembered him wearing in the past. I learned that he was OK and in no pain or distress.    ,,USA citiz,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,College,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
102,NDE,1262,24,,F,"I remember being in a long dark tunnel with white lights in the distance. The lights werent real lights but just a white glow at the end of this tunnel. A man was talking to me and he was standing on my left. I did not recognize him except to think that he looked like a football coach with a receding hairline and a whistle around his neck. He was heavy set in frame. He was saying to me, you cant stay here, you need to go back. And I was thinking, I dont want to go back, this feels so good! And I remember this feeling of utter euphoria. Better than any drug or high you could dream of! It was completely peaceful and filled with bliss!    ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,none,"100,000+",colle,Assista,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
103,ADC,1091,44,,F,"I saw my son, see above.     ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",Some,Insuran,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
104,ADC,1483,52,,M,"It lasted an instant. I sat up expecting to see my mother walking toward me from the kitchen, then fully woke and remembered that she was in the hospital. I brushed off the incident and went back to sleep.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,dail,week,undec,littl,"100,000+",docto,attorne,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
105,OBE,1373,39,,F,"I copy here the experience exactly as I typed it then. This records my third experience. The first one occurred in February of 1984 and then August, 1984. The third one in January of 1985, as written.  Jan.26, 1985--it has happened again (On what I experienced in early morning, only half awake). There was a rushing sound, a roaring in my ears. I am half awake now, with consciousness of my surroundings, and also have the feeling I am about to plunge off a cliff, a falling sensation. I feel, just briefly, a sense of immovability--the way in a dream one tries to move and cant, and also a sense of fear arises at this. Then the images begin, the feeling one of plunging deep into a vortex, but everything is vividly clear, in color. The images are against a black background, and they are perfect crystalline forms, changing constantly, that make me think of snowflake forms at times, then of those theoretical models of chemical components or DNA, and then of pure rock crystal forms. The speed of the images is way beyond me, their transformations occurring without cessation. Nothing exists but this silent world I seem to have entered, as the forms recede and accelerate alternately in the darkness. Then they stop--disappear, and what I see at a vast distance in total blackness, as if I were looking through a telescope backwards, only infinitely smaller than that, is a tiny circle of light. I see it as if I am looking into a cauldron of light, barely glimpsed at such a distance, but it shifts and flickers on the edges. Only a tiny part of it is revealed to me, but the light is so clear it is like the interior of a diamond--a dazzling light, that oddly conveys a sense, for which I cannot account, that it has a knowledge of some sort--as if the light was source. Then a tingling feeling occurs and the image ends--it all goes away, and I sense my regular surroundings again. I try to go to sleep. The first time this happened, last February 84, I was scared silly.  The images occurred after I experienced the same roaring sound, but at that time (also an early hour, between 2 and 5 a.m.) there was also a loud cracking sound; in fact, that happened first. The images were, then, not immediately visible. They appeared finally in the center of a deep blackness at a great distance in a curling, churning fire of light, and accelerated toward me until I could see the swirling changing crystal forms. I stayed up an hour afterwards, writing it down. I felt then the same tingling sensation at the onset and end of the event, and the same moment of immovability. The second time (all told, it has happened three times) was last summer, August, 84. And now this one, around 4:30 or 5 a.m. The fear was briefer; I knew more of what to expect, and it was as if I willed myself to hold on. I had been asleep, wake up to the buzzing, electric sensation, and the rest, and then it begins. I let the images come. In the times between the 3 events Ive tried to make it happen, unsuccessfully. Each time has occurred only spontaneously. Each time I feel I have encountered something with great energy or power within it. I feel it will happen again--that there is more to learn. Especially within that light. It frightens me, yet I sense it has meaning, validity. I wonder at its meaning, and seek it out.     ",,U.S. Citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",docto,I taugh,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
106,DEE,1518,31,,F,"I was sleeping in my bed when I woke up in the middle of the night with a huge feeling of being filled with love in my heart for St. Michael the archangel. I felt like I was in love with him and it was strange because I never had felt that way before, but it was beautiful.    ",,Been a ci,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",Some,I worke,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
107,ME ,1221,69,,F,"This mist continued to fill my hallway each night until on the 4th night I asked outloud, please show yourself to me, tell me who you are.  In my doorway midway down vertically and completely across the doorway horizontally appeared a band of shimmering, satiny white light which proceeded to make an arch like a path to the end of my bed where it stopped. The light was just as wide as the footboard of the bed in which I sleep.  I heard nothing, I smelt nothing and the light remained only seconds at the foot of my bed.    ",,citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Ordaine,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
108,DEE,1412,55,,M,See #43.    ,,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Visual,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
109,DEE,1542,65,,M,"My STE is a Divine Entity Encounter, at least I think that is the closest description of it. I have reported this in my book; Jesus Who. I suspect it was the Spirit of God, but it could have been an angle.  Personal Story; A love tap of Understanding For several years, I could not accept that all the people in a couple of Old Testament cities were killed by Joshua\xe2\x80\x99s army. Joshua 11:11-12 What about the infants and young children? Why should they die a terrible death for the sins of their parents? I was thrown a curve by this story. How could God do such a terrible thing? This was not merciful. This was a big problem for me and remained so for years. These young children could have been taken into homes of decent people and they would have no knowledge of their biological parents or their old lifestyles. Then one day I was praying about this and I got something like a gentle slap on the head, an interruption of my consciousness from outside myself, likely from the Spirit of God; I clearly heard. \xe2\x80\x9cThe souls of the innocents were taken a moment before they died.\xe2\x80\x9d So when the sword hit, the children were in a persistent vegetative state in that God had already taken their souls to safety. What a relief! I was elated. Then about five seconds later, I thought; Hey, wait a minute. Did God really tell me that, or did I just make it up to ease my own distress? Straight away I got a second interruption and I clearly heard that voice again; \xe2\x80\x9cIf you did make it up, how much wiser and more merciful is your Father in Heaven.\xe2\x80\x9d Wow! It was definitely not my voice or my words. The old fashioned style is not the way I use words or language! Plus the fact that it came as an interruption to my thoughts (hey, pay attention). I am convinced that it was Divinely given personal information to help me get over this stumbling block. Most wonderful of all, notice that the communication was loving, not angry. I had just assumed, that God would be angry with me for being dumb, weak and sinful, because I was often angry with myself for those reasons. The improbable lovingness and civility of this communication kept me in a state of astonishment for several years and still causes breathlessness when I recall it to mind. How could the all powerful God love such a dumb, weak and sinful little man? Is that an improbable enough God for you? It sure is for me and I do have faith in Him. He\xe2\x80\x99s got you, He\xe2\x80\x99s got you and He\xe2\x80\x99s got your back. Don\xe2\x80\x99t worry about anything because all this earthly stuff, everything here, is ridiculously trivial to Him. I thank God for showing Himself to me as a loving father and I do feel very blessed for it. God is love and I suspect that humans have been programmed by God to love our children so that we, in our human pettiness, would have at least some experience of what love is. \xe2\x80\x9cAnyone who loves God must also love their brother and sister\xe2\x80\x9d. 1 John 4:21 So we are supposed to love one another, that means love everyone always. So just know that you too may reasonably expect that the one and only God will communicate with you about your Christian concerns and that it will come out of the clear blue sky and be a loving personal answer. He is the same loving God for all of us, even those people we don\xe2\x80\x99t care for. As improbable as it is, God loves us all. You will come to be as fond of your new Christian memories as you are of your actual childhood memories, because there is a mighty and loving Father helping you through a difficult and confusing adolescents. If you missed out on that from your biological father, you will find your Heavenly Father especially wonderful and loving. Really. God never said that the Bible is all there is to know. It is implied that the Bible is the minimum you should know and there may be certain things that He will communicate to help you personally if you ask Him. Waiting for God to answer is fairly short term, it is not the classic; Waiting For Godoe. God is for real.     ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
110,DEE,1299,22,,M,"I entered my bedroom, sat down on a cushioned window seat, and the sobbing continued. Moments later, I felt a tingling in my arms, kind of like they had fallen asleep, though I wasnt sitting in a way that impaired blood flow. Moments later, my arms rose from my sides and my hands literally came together in prayer in front of my chest. I watched in complete wonderment as this occurred. And I suddenly felt in my heart a very clear instruction that I needed to get on my knees and pray. But I was refused. I didnt understand why prayer was necessary. In fact, it seemed like an act of subservience that made me uneasy. Meanwhile, my arms and hands were literally vibrating, and my hands were stuck together that literally, I was unable to pull them apart. Why is this happening to me, I wondered. And I suddenly understood that I was dying. No sooner did that thought cross my mind, my hands fell back to my sides--thus making a connection in my mind between the thought I was dying and the release of my hands from the unseen force, and the immediate cessation of the tingling sensations. Given how strange this all was, it seemed perfectly logical to me that I was indeed dying. My mother was spiritual, so I thought I better go downstairs and tell her. In the living room, I sat beside my mother and told her what had just happened. She told me to go ahead and pray. I told her I couldnt, and that I was dying. She was very spiritual. When she heard this, she thought perhaps a part of me was dying, to make room for something else... but I wasnt physically dying. I told her she was wrong. She checked my temperature. I had a fever of 103. She went to get some aspirin, and told me to to relax. After I took the aspirin, I lay down on the living room couch, and thats when a spiritual being showed up. I heard him as clear as day, talking in my head, just as if he was in the room with me. The first thing he said to me was, Ok, lets go! When he said that, I could feel a pulling sensation all of a sudden on the region of my solar plexus. If the soul was real, it felt like he was reaching in and pulling my soul out of my body. It was a very uncomfortable and unusual feeling, and I reacted to it by kicking my feet on the couch. When I did this, the pulling, or suction-y feeling stopped. Long story short, this fight to stay went on for more than an hour. I remained lucid throughout the whole experience, conversing with my family while also telepathically conversing with this Being. The longer I resisted, the more this Being resorted to threatening me. I didnt care--no matter what the threats (Stay and youll be crazy, no one will ever understand you, your family wont remember a thing--their memories will be wiped) I refused to go wherever it was this Being was intent on taking me. Finally, fed up with my refusal, the Being told me he wasnt leaving empty handed. If I didnt come then and there, he would cause my father to have a massive heart attack, and he would take my father. My father and I had had a long and stormy relationship, however, I didnt have to think about that threat. I immediately relented and agreed to come. But I asked to say goodbye to my family first--which he permitted. I literally kissed and hugged everyone who was there and said goodbye. It was the saddest moment I have ever experienced. Then I told the Being I was finally ready, and I heard a voice (a different voice than the Being) tell me it wasnt my time. For a while I pleaded to go. I was ready. But it was no use. My fever broke, and I felt better than I had ever felt in my life-- and I appreciated my life like I had never appreciated it before.     ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",some,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
111,DEE,1275,22,,F,"As I walked down the hallway I felt as though I had hit a wall. The sounds in my ear were what felt like if someone were opening and closing their mouth into your ear. It were almost like words but were things I could not understand. The feeling of wind passing on top of it all gave me the assurance that my mother must be behind me. Wen I looked around and no one was there I was startled and started screaming. When I looked into my fathers room which lit up the hallway and his bedroom due to the television glow I noticed he was sitting wide awake in his chair smiling at me very calmly and said it was ok and to go back to bed. That instant all the memories of my dad explaining he had been visited by his angel had flashed into my mind and I panicked and said ok and went back into my room. Once there I felt no longer scared but so very grateful for the chance to witness that it was all real, that angels and god and heaven, its all real. I felt as though it was gods way if saying we are here and iChat my father was going to be ok and so was I.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",High,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
112,ADC,1022,63,,F,We could not believe it at first. We both made other calls. What we felt was incredable love and joy.    ,,American,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
113,DEE,1534,57,,M,No noise. I was fortunate to have a first hand experience that strengthened my faith in things beyond the physical world.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Tree se,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
114,OBE,1135,28,,M,"I EXPERIENCED MYSELF LOOKING DOWN AT MYSELF DRIVING MY CAR AND OUT OF BODY. I THEN EXPERIENCED A HAND PLANTING A SEED THAT BLOOMS QUIKCLY INTO A SUNFLOWER THAT THEN SPOINS AND AS THE STALK DROPS AWAY A GLOBE FORMS UNDER IT AND STARTS TO SPIN AND THEN ALL THE SEEDS IN THE HEAD OF THE SUNFLOWER SHOOT OUT IN THIER HELICAL PATTERN AND WRAP THE GLOBE, NOW THE EARTH IN SEEDS OF LIGHT. THEN I WAS BACK IN THE CAR ADN THEN BACK AT HOME. IT TOOK MY MOTHER SEVERAL DAYS TO CONVINCE ME SHE WAS NOT WITH ME IN THE CAR. SHE WAS THE FIRST PERSON I ENCOUNTERED AFTER, UPON ARRICING AT MY HOUSE A FEW BLOCKSD AWAY. IT TTOK A LOPN LONG TIME TO INTEGRATE IT AND I WAS VERY OVERWHELMED. I CAME TO THE CONCLUSION THAT god WAS TRYING TO GIVE ME A KICK IN THE ASS AND SAY YOU ARE ON THE WRONG PATH AND **this ** IS THE REAL THING    ",,American,"251,00",spiritual,atheist,Other,Other,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",High,STRUGGL,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
115,ADC,1418,52,,F,"I knew immediately that my son had done something almost unbelievable, but I continued to look for the shoe. I did not find it. I was overwhelmed and in fact got a camera and took a picture of the one shoe lying there. I didnt realize until later that the picture would serve no purpose, but I was thinking so at the time. I was very excited. I did not find the shoe until many months later. It was upstairs in the spare bedroom under a bed he slept on when visiting me. I rarely went in that room.    ",,Citizen o,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,US Gove,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
116,DEE,1452,49,,F,It was a long time ago. I dont remember any sound or light just the most incredible source of love I will never forget.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Airline,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
117,ME ,1156,63,,F,"I have been seeing crystal triangles for 13 years. There is no particular interval between. The triangles are very bright and should hurt my eyes but do not and are like the crystals from a rainbow maker only much more intense. They link to me and I feel some alteration within myself, like enhancing my awareness. Its difficult to do anything else when this happens. I heard nothing. Asked my husband to join me and put the triangles over his head. The triangles stay in the same place in my vision wherever I turn my head. My eyes are healthy and I only wear glasses for driving and very close work. They are tested regularly. The triangles lasted around 20 minutes and my husband saw only my aura which he said was silver. He could feel something but could not be specific. I sat in meditation and opened chakras. I feel that what I received was some affirmation that my spiritual pathway is on the right lines and my progress was moving forwards. I had a strong feeling to phone another medium and friend of the one who had gone to spirit. We had a long conversation and exchanged some useful information that each needed.    ",,British,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Some,Yoga Tu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
118,ME ,1462,23,,M,"Floating in an erect and body as light air: As I was walking, I became aware of a strangely subtle force coming over me. I felt a kind of vibration starting to run up through my body. It was soft at first, then became more pronounced as time went on. I felt the top of my head being pulled straight up while at the same time, my hips were being pulled downward into the earth. It felt as though I was being supported by a bolt of energy that literally ran through my body. The energy expanded from above me and from down below at the same time. My posture became very straight and It felt as though I was floating and weightless within it. I was surprised at how effortless it was to be so light and erect. It reminded me of the description a Tai Chi teacher once gave me of how to stand correctly, as if heaven were pulling me upwards by the top of my head and earth pulling me downwards from somewhere near the prostrate.  Effortless Breathing  Breathing became deep, light and effortless. I found myself witnessing each breath without the experience of guilt or anxiety resisting each in or exhale. All the usual tension in my solar plexus, tightness in my diagram and tension in my lungs had vanished. Breathing became a brand new experience for me, where I was able to take very satisfying and refreshing breaths.I marveled at what was happening to me, It felt wonderful to feel so free and light on the earth in my body. After time it occurred to me that this experience surely couldnt last very long because it felt so wonderful. I waited a while to see if it would leave. I waited for the familiar tension, anxiety, the heaviness of the body and breath to return. After a very short time, I let go and allowed the wonderful experience to guide me. Where did the mind go? As I surrendered more to the experience I became aware that thoughts werent being created on the fly, I had them, but I was creating them when needed and by choice, by powerful choice, they werent free floating and coming out of no where and they certainly werent attacking me. It was like the experiences of floating lightly within my body that had a very erect posture or breathing unburdened by guilt, anxiety, depression, anger, self hatred, self judgement. Now I was experiencing emptiness where 100s of thoughts per seconds should have been. The triad of experiences was connected together and created a sense of great joy, understanding and freedom. Freeing because I had always known myself to be what my thoughts told me I was, and here, those thoughts not existing at all, it was a beautiful realization that I still lived on without them. With the mind being opaque, its opinions laid to rest, the veil of ignorance lifted and laid bare, the truth stood squarely in my face, It was awe inspiring it was beautiful, it was more than joyful. There was no doubt about It. It became clear to me that the mind was not all powerful, all knowing or omnipotent, but rather a mirage that wasnt there when looked at from the side of truth. The truth not only showed what the I was part of, bliss, freedom, love, oneness with all, but at the same time, what I have never been; body, guilty and deserving of punishment, hatred, shame, terror and death. The mind was impotent and could not stand its ground when directly facing the truth. Experiencing truth was the most joyous, romantic and blissful experience. I was free from the slavery of illusion, free to experience the reality of my being, free to love and be loved solely because I was.  How could my past vanish without sins being accounted for? I pondered the implications of how such a ferociously powerful mind grasping into every part of my being every second of my life could have been tossed aside into non existence so matter of faculty. All that I had known myself to be was born out of the abuse and abandonment by my parents. Guilt, anxiety, self hatred, fear\xe2\x80\xa6 they had been my family in the absence of a family, all gone in a flash. How could it be that all sins were forgiven just like that as if thered never been a past me? What did this mean about my reality? Then it occurred to me, for the first time in my life, I was awake. I had never experienced being awake like this. By realizing that I was awake, I could see how I had been dreaming. Truth was showing me that the mind had been lulling me into an non ending dream state with all of its endless thoughts. I had simply awoken from a dream of guilt and shame, terror and death and saw that I had been dreaming. Being able to tell the difference between a dream and being awake is the truth, it is everything, all doubt vanishes. It is easy to tell one has been dreaming when one is awake and therefor no the difference between dreaming and experiencing the truth. For an instant, I felt a deep sadness that I had treated God with such d",,USA    Q.,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,weekly,never,avera,none,"0 24,999",Some,Ive had,,single,marri,Unc,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
119,DEE,1155,46,,F,"How unfortunate that I did not have a cell phone to take a photo of that white board. What I would give today to see it again. Somedays I think it was not real, but then again I know I could call the hospital and find this girl again. She was real. Her name was real. And I have truly never heard the name before. The chances of someone with that name working with him are too astronomical for me to contemplate. Whenever I feel that I am alone, I just remember this amazing sign from God.    ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",colle,Server,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
120,DEE,1503,42,,M,I had decided to do the plant based medicine Ibogaine HCL from Africa at my home with two friends present who were helpers and care givers if required. After taking Ibogaine 18.5 milligrams I began to feel dizzy and went and laid in my bed. Lights were off and all windows were darkened. I was semi sat up in bed with eyes wide open the whole experience. Post two hrs I began seeing light of all colours pour through my ceiling and into my room. I felt at the last point my body being raised and a sense of lightness. About 30 mins after all color had stopped flowing into my room where everything became kinda pixelated. I could see energy like dust particles clearly and then I could see masses of energy which quickly became vivid people in spirit. I could continue to see spirits seven in all and spiders and a big bull frog up until dusk. This the ibogaine wore off and everyone slowly disappeared again. It was miraculous.    ,,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,week,moder,very st,"50,000 99",High,Retired,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
121,DEE,1115,39,,M,"To repeat this experience was like being totally filled with love, when I heard god say to me that he has always been here waiting for me it was as if my whole being heard it not my ears but my whole being was enveloped in his presence/love    ",,citizen,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Bartend,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
122,NDE,1162,16,,F,I felt peaceful beyond peaceful. I saw beauty beyond beauty. I heard singing and music so exquisite that I can not describe them. That has been my problem-there are no words to describe.    ,,USA    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,none,,single,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
123,NDE,1389,47,,F,see #8    ,,US    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"100,000+",post,psychol,,divor,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
124,NDE,1138,34,,F,"As I pondered my situation, I slowly became aware of overwhelming feelings of peace, love, acceptance, and certain knowledge of perfection and purpose. I felt great awe. It quickly became clear to me that the light was the ultimate intellect, love, and creative force. The psychological environment in which I now existed literally permeated around and through me. I knew that Light knew my every nuance, every thought, and every deed. Amazingly, it still loved me, even viewed me with a certain sense of delighted humor. In an odd way the Light was part of me. Yet it was also everything else. As I easily, and happily, settled into this new environment I realized that time and space were very different than what I was used to. I could follow multiple trains of thought and experience in what seemed to be a simultaneous manner. It was akin to how we use time in dreams in that numerous situations were playing out in \xe2\x80\x98no time\xe2\x80\x99. I was luxuriating in the perfection of the situation, while simultaneously making mental notes of my surroundings. At the same time, Light was addressing me thru telepathy and instilling within me what I later called scrolls of knowledge. These scrolls unraveled and revealed information about the true nature of reality. I think that the figurative scrolls were thought forms that existed within Light and Light was mentally pushing them onto my consciousness. I had no idea what they meant, as the ideas and knowledge contained within was light years more complex than I could grasp. I sensed the periphery and intent of the scrolls and knew that it would take eternity to sort it all out. Still, the bit I could sort out made it clear that in the physical dimension we are capable of experience far beyond what we ever imagined. Prior to the NDE I had experienced three enormously frightening out-of-bodies. Frightening because I \xe2\x80\x98caught myself\xe2\x80\x99 in the upper corner of the ceiling, watching myself sleep on each occasion. I did not know what was happening. I had never heard of an out-of-body experience. Now I knew, clearly, that the out-of-bodies were normal, and just the tip of the iceberg of what humans could and should experience. I received, thru telepathically transmitted images and thoughts, a glimpse of the fully developed multi-dimensional being. As I floated within Light, numerous paths of information were being delivered to me. I felt peaceful, and perfect. Suddenly I heard a deep male voice say, \xe2\x80\x9cDo you want to go back?\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cBack?\xe2\x80\x9d I thought, \xe2\x80\x9cback to where?\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cIf you want to go back, concentrate on that noise\xe2\x80\x9d, it said. My thought was NO; I do not want to go anywhere! The thought of leaving this new, yet strangely familiar, environment seemed a travesty. Still for some reason I turned my attention slightly to the left. Far away, as if thru a long train tunnel, I heard a faint noise. As I listened more intently, it got louder. I realized it was my beloved husband Ed. He was screaming my name. The next thing I knew, I was coming to consciousness in my bed. After returning to physicality I felt very lethargic and drifted off to sleep. The NDE remained clear in my mind. I didn\xe2\x80\x99t know what it was, having never heard of an NDE, but I knew it was real. The next day Ed phoned me at work and said he had scheduled an appointment with my doctor, and was coming over to take me to it. At the doctor\xe2\x80\x99s office he said I had been having some sort of seizure that did not involve convulsions. It was more like a dead person. He said my body had seized up like it was frozen and my eyes had rolled back in my head. He hadn\xe2\x80\x99t told me until now, as he did not want to scare me. I thought I had just lost consciousness.     ",,USA citiz,"251,00",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,Account,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
125,OBE,1338,23,,F,"What I learned was the day this happened to me was my fathers birthday he turned 50, he called me the day after and when I said what did you do on your birthday, he said he was away at his caravan, and he spent the whole day of his 50th sitting at the table in the caravan on his own.    ",,Australia,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,never,seldom,avera,none,"0 24,999",High,Bookkee,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
126,ME ,1165,13,,F,"I, once again, knew I was part of something much larger than myself and the people and circumstances below. It filled me in some way that allowed me to feel comforted rather than continuing to feel so alone. And then it was over.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Outside,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
127,ME ,1550,62,,F,    ,,Canadian,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,yoga te,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
128,ADC,1144,57,,M,"Now, I must say that it is not completely uncommon to see deer in our yard although, for whatever reason, I hadnt seen any for a few months. I work from home and have a large window next to my desk that looks out over our back yard. I asked Christine to send deer because I felt it would be solid confirmation if, on the very day I asked to see deer, it actually happened. Unfortunately, on this particular day I was so consumed with work that I dont even remember looking out my window. By the time I realized it was already dark outside, I also realized I never saw any deer. I was terribly disappointed with myself that I hadnt come up for air all day. Did Christine send the deer and I missed the signal to look up and out the window? Or did she not hear my plea? Maybe Im making this all up after all. I have been working on my computer moving very large files around and so before going upstairs for dinner with my wife (Christines mom), I begin a disk compression operation that takes a significant amount of time. I click the start button and go to dinner.  After dinner I came back downstairs to see the progress for my disk compression. Its going very slowly. To pass some time I start poking around on one of the other hard drives to see whats on it. I come across an obscurely named folder I havent seen for a while called My Pictures (GoFlex1TB)\\Canon60D NotSaved. As I click through the various subfolders, I randomly stop at one called 118CANON with several pictures. I cant really tell what they are from the thumbnails so I click on the one named IMG7578.JPG. When the photo opens in full-screen, I about fall out of my chair ... its a photograph that I took from my office window ... of a deer not 10 yards away! ... right outside my office window! ... just like I asked Christine! And not only that but when I look at the date it was taken, I realize I took it (and this completely blew me away) ... I took the photograph exactly one year ago ... to the day!  To ... the ... day!  So I still hadnt seen deer outside my window in months ... at least not by looking out my window! But Christine found a way ... in that mischievous way of hers ... to answer my request. The very next morning, as I am taking a sip of coffee, staring out the window, getting ready to start my day and thinking about the beautiful gift Christine gave to me the night before ... I suddenly see a deer streak from the woods running right-to-left across the yard ... right outside my office window! Wow! ... All I can say is Wow!    ",,U.S. Citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Senior,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
129,ME ,1303,54,,F,"Through hypnosis is how I have been able to get back in touch with the other side or other dimension. I have had amazing experiences. From Past Lives that I can verify to meeting with my Spirit Guide and the Masters. I have been able to have access to my soul on the other side or in the Astral. It is like an orb. When I touch it I feel complete and whole. What is neat is that I can feel and see the souls of all my family and friends there also even though they are still alive here. I have also talked to deceased family members. The place is so beautiful. Flowers, gardens, fountains, temples, streams. Beings of light in different colors. It is beyond anything that words can begin to describe.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Registe,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
130,ME ,1057,5,,M,"I cannot describe the feeling. I put it in the same category as sexual feelings before I knew what they were. It was a formless inner tingling, and a sudden expansion of affect.      ",,natural c,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,embryo,,single,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
131,OBE,1341,66,,F,"I decided to take a Past-Life Workshop in the small, homey office of a hypnotist in Katonah, New York last year. Besides the hypnotist, another woman and myself were present. Before the session started, the pleasant hypnotist explained that she was going to hypnotize us. (I tried hypnosis one other time in my life but I couldnt be hypnotized. I thought, however, that I would try it again.) She said we would be going down a long flight of stairs. As we went down, we would be getting more and more tired. When we reached the bottom of the stairs, we would be hypnotized. Then she would direct us to go into a room where we would see who we were and where we were in our past life. It all sounded pretty okay, nothing scary. So, sitting in comfortable chairs, we closed our eyes and the leader directed us down a long flight of stairs. I remember the stairway was dark, but not frightening, and I was getting more and more tired. At the bottom of the stairs, she told us to open the door in front of us and go into the room but I saw a window opened and I flew out instead. I flew out into the dark universe. I wasnt in a spacecraft, it was just me flying. I remember just flying around in the darkness but not feeling afraid. I have a sensation that I was a young woman then, not my senior age at the time of this STE. I never actually heard anything. My experience was silent. I dont remember feeling cold or hot, but just right. I was wearing an ordinary set of clothes--pants and a top. I remember loving the experience of flying. I felt peaceful, serene and happy. I was flying alone, although I have a sense that my husband, Hank, was there from time to time. I remember seeing faraway stars and planets but I didnt land on anything. I was in heaven, in more ways than one. At some point I became aware that I was struggling to do something--waking up. I didnt want to leave the universe, I was enjoying flying so much, but I was awakening to my present human reality in the hypnotists office. When I awoke, the other woman was already awake. The hypnotist asked me if I was okay. I said yes. She said I was having a hard time waking up. She thought I fell asleep but I told her I wasnt sleeping. The other woman talked about her experience and then I talked about my flying experience. The woman and hypnotist didnt say anything while I was describing my OBE. The session ended pretty much there. I remember feeling strange about being in this strange world on Earth. I wasnt sure I was okay enough to go out into the street and drive my car home, but I was. I can still feel myself flying in the dark universe, feeling peaceful and happy. I hope that, when Im on my deathbed, I am able to call upon this feeling when it is my time to pass on into Eternity.          ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
132,OBE,1142,27,,F,"I suddenly found myself out of my body looking at myself on the couch sleeping, I walked around the apartment and kept referring back to myself on the couch just to check for security for some reason it was comforting to know I was there even if I wasnt completely inside of myself any longer. I went into the bathroom in this spirit form and saw a great statue perched on the closed toilet seat that looked like a statue but I didnt realize it was the angel of death but either way I didnt feel any fear from it. I saw some mini creatures that were about 2-3 feet in size going into the drain of the bathtub happily and willingly and as the approached the drain they would spin as if being flushed and I could see this great release on their faces and wanted to experience that same release too. So I decided to follow them and the moment I willingly resigned my soul for it to be permitted to be flushed down the bathtub drain I felt for the first time complete separation of myself from something that had always been with me but because I had never been without it I didnt know I had always had it...that was this connection to God. It was only in that vortex that I immediately knew I had made a mistake by stepping into that bathtub drain and called out to God and asked him to take me back to my body on the couch over and over but the tunnel vortex thing I was in spinning inside of and going deeper felt so isolated and I felt so alone and felt that my pleading and cries couldnt even be heard from God. Then the angel I had seen perched on top of the toilet next to the bathtub swooped down and caught me as I was decending in the vortex and I began to justify myself to God asking why would you permit the angel of death to personally escort me to Hell I am not a bad person? I didnt know God had heard my cries finally I saw myself ascending through the floor boards of my apartment and the angel just rolled my spirit like a basketball down the angels arms and back into my body exactly as I was when I left it on the couch. The moment I was rolled out of the angels arms and placed back in my body I instantly opened my eyes and inhaled my life back into me and I knew that I had died for a short while but I didnt know exactly how it had happened. I stayed in that posistion awake asking God if I had had a heart attack or something...this experience changed my outlook on life.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,undec,avera,"25,000 49",docto,graduat,,single,single,Yes,undecided    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
133,NDE,1248,27,,F,"I didnt see a light or anything, I was suddenly in this space (?) another dimension. I knew my nan was with me I couldnt see her but I felt her presence. In front of me was a panel of beings (they communicated telepathically with me). I was crying, begging them not to send me back as I didnt want to return. I was told that it wasnt my time, that I had to return as I had things I need to do. Suddenly I woke up with a crash team. I was crying and hysterical.     ",,EU reside,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",Some,Public,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
134,ADC,1094,53,,F,"I answered the door to Moms house, and she came in. Then Dad appeared behind her to come in. I said You cant be here, youre dead. He said he had to give me one more hug and let me know he was OK. Then he gave me the hug, told me not to worry about him, and left. He was happy smiling, relaxed. About two nights later almost the same dream, but this time he said he knew I was ok, and I should know he was Ok. I awoke with a feeling of complete calm. It may be terrible to say, but I am not upset about Dad being dead. He let me know that I will be ok and that dieing is not the end. I loved and greatly respected my father. He was 79, but in great shape had been golfing the Monday before he died. Died of heart attack after returning from filling Moms car up with gas. Found in seat of car by condo manager within minutes of parking. EMS directly across the road were there within about two minutes. The one man said Dad was in no pain. Peaceful look on his face. Now I know why.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Worked,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
135,OBE,1524,21,,F,So I was sitting upright and looking at the end of the bed where I felt a presence not one person but a group of people. I actually could not see these people they did not reveal themselves. I saw an outline like an aura white and thin foggy. Someone said to me telepathically come over. I hesitated scared I remember and said Im not ready. Then snap I was lying down again and opened my eyes. The room was exactly how I saw it through them closed other than the beings were gone. I felt like I knew these people intimately more than the people I know in this world even though I couldnt see them I sensed they were close to me like family like my real family. I felt I could trust them but that I hadnt completed my purposes on earth yet. I was in effect asking for more time. So it seemed in the ensuing days that followed I made a conscious effort to stop satisfying myself and helping others.    ,,New Zeala,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,moder,"50,000 99",maste,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
136,ME ,1548,30,,F,See answer above.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Unity,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",docto,Wife an,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
137,DEE,1158,9,,M,"As the night passed I would fall into and out of sleep, waking when I became cold with chills or hot from the fever. At one point during the night I had awoken again from the fever and at that time I became more aware that my illness was worse, much worse than my parents had originally thought. I definitely dont believe my parents were aware of just how ill I was because had they know they would have taken me to a doctor. At this point when I awoke from the fever I was delirious again and wanted to get up and wake my parents to tell them how sick I was but I didnt have the strength to get up or yell for them. I was very distressed by this time as I just intuitively knew I was very ill and I needed help, but was helpless as I could not speak let alone get up to tell my parents. Just as I thought my fever couldnt get any worse and as I laid helpless in my bed a white-golden light started to appear to my left and I turned my eyes to see this white-golden light begin to form against the wall. This white-golden light began to take shape until it became three separate beings, all bathed in the white-golden light they formed from, a white-golden light that seemed to dance all around them. They did not speak, they did not look directly at me, but instead they stood silently with heads bowed. I do remember they were all dressed in what I can only describe as a monks robe, with the hood and large sleeves. As soon as I saw the beings of light I immediately began to feel better, I no longer felt feverish, my aches stopped and my strength was coming back. Prior to that moment I was feeling the worse I had all night and my fever and delirium still had a grip on me, yet the moment I began to see the beings forming my fever dissipated and the delirium went away. Once the beings were fully formed my thinking was completely clear again, no delirium and my fever and aches were gone. The overwhelming feeling of complete serenity, peace and calm came over me, I was not afraid of the beings in the least and instinctively knew they were there for me, then just as suddenly as the golden beings of light had appeared they faded away.    ",,American,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,"None, I",,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
138,ADC,1173,34,,F,"Sunday morning at a local antique car show with my family I was overcome by a message in my head from a grandmotherly voice. You can eat less, you will still be fed. You dont have to fear not being fed, it is a different time now. I knew pretty quickly that the message was for the intuitive. However, I did not want to pass on the message. As a psychiatrist I was keenly aware that such a message could be exceedingly destructive to a person with a history of an eating disorder. I resisted the STE...this only made the message louder and more difficult to ignore. It repeated not only in my head but in my body, insistent. I felt myself becoming rapidly ill. My body ached as though I had the flu. Within 30 minutes I had to leave my family at the antique care show and go home. At home I tried vainly to ignore the pounding message and sleep to no avail. Finally in desperation I said aloud okay, already, Ill tell her. I sent the intuitive an email explaining the situation and while I had extreme doubts about the social moire and the professional impropriety of my action, as soon as I sent the email I was flooded with relief. The flu-like symptoms and the message vanished. I crawled to bed and slept deeply for several hours until my family returned (as I have never done before.) It was several days before the intuitive finally contacted me and told me that she had prayed to her grandmother the friday before I met her asking desperately for help with her weight gain. The intuitive was perplexed that she normally receives insights for her clients, yet here was a straight-laced ivy league educated physician being contacted by her grandmother with literally the answer to her prayers. When I saw the same intuitive two years later for a brief ten minutes, she revealed that the message had quite literally changed her life. Specifically she had been able to return to her typical body weight easily and without dieting and maintained it for the intervening time. Secondly she had secured a new job and a book deal where my message to her was the climax of her autobiographical book!    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",post,Physici,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
139,DEE,1028,19,,F,"I was visiting a Bahai temple that was completely white without adornment. I approached what appeared to be a window but when I stood in front of the window of the temple which was very large and arched and without glass or panes, the space beyond the window was a turquoise blue light that radiated life, energy, and unconditional love. I was so transfixed by the experience that I could not move. The communication about the love was powerful and washed over me like a torrent. I was reduced to nothingness...I understood that my decision to become a Bahai was part of the reason I was having this expereince. Gradually the light faded away and I was brought back to the physical reality of the temple and the presence of my mother. She was remarking on the beauty of the archictecture of the building and I understood that she would not likely be able to experience what I had just experienced. I have been a Bahai now for 23 years and this fact has been consistent.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,religious,religious,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
140,ADC,1082,30,,F,"It was spontaneous. My brother had just passed away and I had just gotten home from his funeral. I just put my newborn baby into her crib and sat down. My brother said to me loudly check the baby. I just thought I was having an emotional feeling and ignored it. Again he said louder check the baby, again I ignored it thinking I was crazy from his death. A third time he said very very loudy CHECK THE BABY. I could not ignore it so I got up to check my newborn and she was BLUE. I shook her and she did not breath. I shook her again and she still did not breath. Then I remembered reading in a Respiratory Therapy book (my profession) that to get a baby to gasp you only had to pinch their feet. I pinched her foot and she gasped. I totally freaked out and picked up the baby and drove to my parents house to tell them my experience. They believed my without question. I went to my place of employment to pick up an apnea monitor (again, my profession). My baby never had any other episodes of apnea.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Junio,Respira,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
141,NDA,1047,35,,M,"She was very weak, had stopped eating and couldnt swallow even an eyedropper of water. She slipped back and forth between consciousness and being non-responsive. the event began casually enough, with her periodically asking Who is that person across the room. Hospice warned me this could happen. Of course I would look and no one was there so I would say I dont know. After a couple more times of mentioning that people were standing across the room, they became closer. At one point, she saw 2 people standing right next to my sister at her bedside. My mom asked my sister Who is that? My sister asked Where? and my mom said Right beside you! Of course that totally creeped out my sister! Keep in mind that although Hospice had given her morphine which I was to deliver as needed, after the first and only time I gave it to my mom, after a few hours she woke up and asked me what I had given her. I told her morphine for the pain. She said They told me Im not supposed to take it so please dont give it to me again. I did not. So the incidents of her seeing people were becoming more frequent and she mentioned a Benjamin which my father said must have been one of her favorite distant relatives that had passed on well before I was born. He said my mother always had a connection with Benjamin in life and that they were good friends. She also saw both her parents and would carry on conversations with them. I would sit by her bedside, holding her hand and she would seem unresponsive yet mumbling as if she was talking to someone. At one point, she was talking to her deceased father, I guess, because my dad and I kept hearing the occasional Daddy come out of her mouth. All of a sudden her eyes would open and she would look directly at me and ask Can you please tell Daddy (or Aline her mother) to come back? I want to talk to them again. One morning, she asked me to go get my father, which I did. She said to him Joe I love you. He said I love you too. She said I dont know whether to LET them help me leave. (We knew she meant her parents and the others she had been talking to). My father asked If you went with them, would you be happy? She said OH YES! Then he said Well, then, you should go. Sometime after that point, they told her what time she would be departing. 1:30. We didnt know whether that meant AM or PM but her demeanor was one of anticipation. She was almost excited. She kept asking (felt like every 5 minutes) What time is it? What time is it now? What about now? Despite our grief, we had to chuckle at her reaction. After that, the next day the chaplin was scheduled to visit at 9:30 am. He called at 9:00 am to say he would be delayed. He told me he would be able to get there at 1;30 pm. the coincidence totally escaped me at that time. I walked into the bedroom and my mom perked up and asked Who was on the phone? (which by the way is really out-of-character for someone who is in a non-responsive state almost 24/7. At that point, she didnt even act as though she knew she was in her own bedroom). I told her it was the chaplin and that he would be there at 1:30 pm. She exclaimed HOW DOES HE KNOW? I had to laugh! I told her He doesnt think you are going to die at 1:30! Hes just late! (little did I know!) So, fast-forward to 1:00 pm. Tracy, the aide was with my mom and I had gone down to my house to bathe and change clothes. A very strong thought popped into my head GET DOWN THERE! I looked at the clock and it was 1:15 pm. My only thought at that point was that I didnt want to miss the chaplin. I ran down the street and met him on the sidewalk as he was leaving. After a brief exchange, I hurried into the bedroom whereby Tracy promptly grabbed me by the shirt and pulled me into the bathroom. Wide-eyed she said I just saw something! Ive never seen anything! I just saw a BIRD fly into your mothers hospital gown! It flew inside the fabric! I saw the gown billow up as it flew across her heart. Then it disappeared! I was speechless. I said come on! and we went back into the room. My mother was having trouble breathing and her lips where turning blue. I looked and Tracy and said this is it, isnt it? Very quickly, my moms skin flashed blue (anoxia?) yellow (jaundice?) then pink/grey again almost like technicolor and at the same time I could hear her lungs filling up with fluid very quickly. No longer able to take a breath, she quickly expired. It was 1:30 pm.    ",,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
142,ME ,1265,66,,M,"Ive described most of the experience above. But additionally, I felt that for a moment in time the world as I knew it, simply stopped. It seemed both immediate and eternal, at the same time. I didnt pay much attention to the potential consequences, at the time of the accident. It wasnt until I meditated on the experience that I felt the full potential of what had happened and what could have happened. I could have been killed. At the time, it was just a minor accident. But, it wasnt, really. I am very thankful to be able to tell this story. As I recount it, part of me takes the results for granted-(foolish human). It was Divine intervention, I have no doubt. I learned, again, not to take God and Guru for granted. I owe my life to the Divine in more ways than I can conceive. I am grateful, Graceful.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Marriag,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
143,ME ,1302,51,,F,"Sometime in 1996, I was sitting alone in my office in my home in the middle of writing my memoir novel. I was sitting in my chair, thinking at the time. Suddenly I saw a vision in my head that Im entitling Our Human Timeline of Existence. It was a horizontally long image running left to right in my head. There were no words, numbers or sounds, only images. At the left of this horizontal Timeline was the first image. That image was of an ape down on all fours and facing left. To the right of that ape and facing right was a second ape starting to stand up. To the right of that ape and facing right was the third ape, looking Neanderthal. To the right of that ape was a picture of a human being facing right. Then there was a little space. To the right of the space was the image of Leonardo da Vinci\xe2\x80\x99s Vitruvian Man. To the right of that was a very, very long empty area. At the right end of the Timeline, the last image, is a great gust of horizontal wind blurring out the whole right end of the Timeline. That was what I saw. There were no dates on this Timeline. I thought about that vision and why I was seeing it. According to the spacing of the images one to another on the left and then the very long empty space in the middle area and then the wind blur all the way on the right, the vision said to me that, according to where Vitruvian Man was standing in the Timeline, we humans are currently (the 20th Century) into about 20% of our survival, from our beginnings on Earth to our end. I couldnt see our end because that was where the horizontal wind blur was, which took up all the space on the right side. There were no dates, so I dont know how it would happen to us, when, or if it would even happen at all. What I do see is that we humans have many, many more millenniums of survival. I believe I saw this vision and I believe (kinda) in what it was telling me. I wasnt sure what I was supposed to do with this knowledge except to tell people. But since that was one of my first spiritual experiences, I was so new to God (but still an atheist), that I think I told one other person. I wasnt confident in what I saw and I didnt want people to think I was crazy. Im uploading a file of the picture I drew of this vision. I dont remember what day I actually saw it because I wasnt writing down my spiritual experiences yet. So I recorded my vision in this picture at a later time, June 19, 2006. Please note my address and all contact info has changed since then.     ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
144,ME ,1451,24,,M,"Detail may take a bit more space than there is here, but I will attempt. Briefly, very tired, I fell into a deep sleep. In what seemed like the beginning of a dream sequence, I found myself on the second floor of a mansion in town that I was quite personally familiar with. From a spot in the hall, I noticed flashing lights coming from the hallway of the west wing. Irritated and needing to investigate I went in their direction. Where the halls joined at a right angle, still more lights and, of all people, my great aunt staring into the lights at the end of the hall. Very agitated at this occurence, not knowing if it was fire, or some other upset that required my attention, I began a trot in its direction. At that point I recall (kind of like Santas reindeer!) a lifting of my feet and legs and up I went. In very short order all went dark, all fell away (my body, place, circumstances)and the essential me of me was involved in an ascent...until coming to said portal mentioned earlier in which all I can recall were cloudlike formations over a cauldronlike (and that word is not to have any negative connotation) basis...with what was bubbling up from the cauldron mixing in with the clouds above it and this was perfection and creation in action. My KNOWING at that time was that I was in everything, everything was in me, and that everything was in a perfect balance. The other notion I had was that the energy was so powerful that if it were withdrawn everything would collapse, but that that would not happen...furthermore, the word calibrated came to mind. As in, everything was perfectly calibrated to hold only its allotment of that energy, and that one-zillionth more of it and a body would burst into bits. At the portals edge, even though I had no body or even much in the way of caring about what had happened to it, I do recall my hands grabbing the portals edge and I kind of docked there and went no further...only witnessed the roiling of the generator of all that is, was and would be (as described before.) At about the point of docking and peering in, I was conscious, alert, awake and aware, and said to myself: OMG, Im dying! and then something to the effect of I didnt want to do that. (That would be the distressing part and I almost clicked another choice for 42.) As soon as I said that the experience of coming down began, the up there having been short-circuited by my ambivalence or fear...even as I quick-changed my mind and said, No, NO! (leave me up here for a while longer.) The coming down was not so memorable in and of itself. What there is to know is that I did then and still do sleep on my back...and I felt as if my feet were the first to gain life back and then the descent of the rest back down as if my astral back to stomach and like that. As my arms were folded across my chest, they were the last to come to and I recall being conscious of that happening. Upon full re-entry I was quite astonished at the whole thing and lept out of bed as if every cell was on fire and said Holy S**t, Theres nothing I cant do! Later on I went at myself over that notion-thinking that it was a bit egocentric, but I digress. I further recall that everything in the room had a bit of a glow to it, and so probably did I. I also remember being fascinated at a pencil in my room. Its interiority struck me as magnificent...and to think that none of it (me, my body, material circumstances) had mattered or even existed just moments before was quite startling.     ",,full citi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,I was i,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
145,DEE,1542,65,,M,"My STE is a Divine Entity Encounter, at least I think that is the closest description of it. I have reported this in my book; Jesus Who. I suspect it was the Spirit of God, but it could have been an angle.  Personal Story; A love tap of Understanding For several years, I could not accept that all the people in a couple of Old Testament cities were killed by Joshua\xe2\x80\x99s army. Joshua 11:11-12 What about the infants and young children? Why should they die a terrible death for the sins of their parents? I was thrown a curve by this story. How could God do such a terrible thing? This was not merciful. This was a big problem for me and remained so for years. These young children could have been taken into homes of decent people and they would have no knowledge of their biological parents or their old lifestyles. Then one day I was praying about this and I got something like a gentle slap on the head, an interruption of my consciousness from outside myself, likely from the Spirit of God; I clearly heard. \xe2\x80\x9cThe souls of the innocents were taken a moment before they died.\xe2\x80\x9d So when the sword hit, the children were in a persistent vegetative state in that God had already taken their souls to safety. What a relief! I was elated. Then about five seconds later, I thought; Hey, wait a minute. Did God really tell me that, or did I just make it up to ease my own distress? Straight away I got a second interruption and I clearly heard that voice again; \xe2\x80\x9cIf you did make it up, how much wiser and more merciful is your Father in Heaven.\xe2\x80\x9d Wow! It was definitely not my voice or my words. The old fashioned style is not the way I use words or language! Plus the fact that it came as an interruption to my thoughts (hey, pay attention). I am convinced that it was Divinely given personal information to help me get over this stumbling block. Most wonderful of all, notice that the communication was loving, not angry. I had just assumed, that God would be angry with me for being dumb, weak and sinful, because I was often angry with myself for those reasons. The improbable lovingness and civility of this communication kept me in a state of astonishment for several years and still causes breathlessness when I recall it to mind. How could the all powerful God love such a dumb, weak and sinful little man? Is that an improbable enough God for you? It sure is for me and I do have faith in Him. He\xe2\x80\x99s got you, He\xe2\x80\x99s got you and He\xe2\x80\x99s got your back. Don\xe2\x80\x99t worry about anything because all this earthly stuff, everything here, is ridiculously trivial to Him. I thank God for showing Himself to me as a loving father and I do feel very blessed for it. God is love and I suspect that humans have been programmed by God to love our children so that we, in our human pettiness, would have at least some experience of what love is. \xe2\x80\x9cAnyone who loves God must also love their brother and sister\xe2\x80\x9d. 1 John 4:21 So we are supposed to love one another, that means love everyone always. So just know that you too may reasonably expect that the one and only God will communicate with you about your Christian concerns and that it will come out of the clear blue sky and be a loving personal answer. He is the same loving God for all of us, even those people we don\xe2\x80\x99t care for. As improbable as it is, God loves us all. You will come to be as fond of your new Christian memories as you are of your actual childhood memories, because there is a mighty and loving Father helping you through a difficult and confusing adolescents. If you missed out on that from your biological father, you will find your Heavenly Father especially wonderful and loving. Really. God never said that the Bible is all there is to know. It is implied that the Bible is the minimum you should know and there may be certain things that He will communicate to help you personally if you ask Him. Waiting for God to answer is fairly short term, it is not the classic; Waiting For Godoe. God is for real.     ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
146,ADC,1438,24,,F,"My friends name was Jimmy and he had committed suicide days before. We met in what I can only describe as the most vibrant and alive meadow I have ever experienced.... I have never experienced such aliveness and vibrancy here on earth. It was just the two of us, but I gathered by some beautiful music/voices I could sense that we were not truly alone. I just remember feeling so happy and connected not only to him, but to everything around us. The flowers were buzzing with aliveness, the grass also and the sky just illuminated such a beautiful color of blue that felt alive in itself. He told me he wanted me to experience what he was getting to experience and to let me know he was happy and at peace and to please tell his parents about our visit and that he was happy and safe.     ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,small b,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
147,ADC,1050,42,,F,"The second dream she came to me in white clothing walking down a long stairway with another lady and she looked peaceful. She also came to my husband, he asked her to stay, she said she couldnt, that she was with Jesus and that she was happy.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,I was a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
148,DEE,1205,45,,F,"Well it has been a few years, but here is what happened. I was at Mass. We attend weekly. This week, for some reason, my eyes kept being drawn towards the rafters above the altar. I kept feeling a presence, actually two, playfully going from rafter to rafter. Ive felt presences before, never at church. Whenever I do, I usually just ignore, or if it is strong enough, tell it to call on the name of Christ. So the feeling kept getting stronger and stronger, I finally stated silently for the things to play quieter so I could concentrate on the Mass. They didnt leave though. And we lined up for the Holy Eucharist, and I received the Body of Christ from Rita, a long time parishoner and dedicated Eucharistic minister. As soon as she gave the Host to me, I didnt even get to walk to my seat when I heard a loud CRASH! The silver bowl witht the Host was dropped because Rita collapsed and died on the spot. As soon as that happened, I slowly felt the presences leave. Come to find out about a week later at Ritas funeral, that she used to be a nun, she was in love with the Eucharist, and her life-long wish was to die IN THE CHURCH, GIVING OUT THE EUCHARIST. Those angels in the rafters (or whatever celestial beings they were) were there for Rita. I only observed, or felt their presence. This isnt the first time Ive felt unearthly presences, but most definitely the strongest. You can check on Ritas death if you want to confirm this, just let me know and I will give you the name of the parish and the presiding priest. Please keep me nameless, for now. Thank you.     ",,US citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,avera,"100,000+",Some,Office,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
149,NDE,1509,57,,M,"I awaken to the most beautiful music, but it is so much more than music. It is not just sound, it is everything. Blue is a pronounced theme, but it is so much more than that. There are other colours, yet no darkness, no shadows. The source of the music is a person whose features I cannot see yet somehow know that she is creating the musical accompaniment to this experience. She is the most perfect Phantom of the Opera organist. The sound/music emanates from everywhere, yet I see it as notes floating from a pipe organ, but it is not a pipe organ. It is so much more. I know that she is my sister, yet I dont recognize her. I know that everything is as it should be. There is no time to the experience. It is not like an event that can be measured in minutes, hours, days or years; it simply IS. There is an OBE amidst all of this, which I think has its own area within this questionnaire.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
150,ADC,1390,45,,F,    ,,US citize,"25,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Account,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
151,ME ,1558,49,,F,In the video we observed a light blue round object (Orb) fly in at a fast speed and bounce around as it watched the balloons fly away in the far.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,Medical,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
152,ADC,1328,56,,F,"I was stunned when I saw the candle. I had never thought about the sun being a candle on someones birthday cake before this. An unburned candle in the middle of a beach in September was highly unusual. In fact, the candle was an exact match to the candles I had at home that fit a tiny brass holder and held the exact same candles that Alan and I had received a few years before at Christmas midnight mass. That size and shape candle is hard to find. The one I had at home was broken and I had looked to replace it for quite some time and never found one to match. I was speechless. I picked up the candle and tears of joy came to my eyes. In fact, that day I was having Alans mother over for lunch, as it was the first time we were experiencing his birthday since he died. She was also speechless when I told her the story. We burned the candle together while we had lunch.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Real Es,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
153,DEE,1045,16,,F,"I was alone on the rooftop of my parents house in Martins Ferry Ohio. I snuck out at night to see my boyfriend. It was cold and snowing and there was lots of ice everywhere. I was climbing up the roof at about 5-6 am and my hand slipped and I was sliding down the roof. I remember distictly hearing my body slide down the roof. I didnt scream, there was no time. I was scared for a split second and then all of a sudden I was back up safe and sound holding onto the roof. I was sooo tired, I didnt even understand what had just happened to me. I was sooooo exhausted that I just went into the window and went to sleep. The next morning when I opened my eyes, I remember perfectly the awe, the deep breath that I took, knowing that something or someone had saved me from falling off the roof. I remember just being in a state of shock really! I would like to think that it was a guardian angel, but not sure, didnt see anything or anyone. To this day when I tell people about it, I get goosebumps and that feeling of awe is still in my center. It was an amazing experience!    ",,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
154,ADC,1466,36,,F,the above description pretty well sums it all up.    ,,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,I owned,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
155,ADC,1017,25,,F,"In detail, I knew my grandfather was met by relatives, and my grandmother would be too. I wanted to be in communication with her spirit as she went home. I wanted to be with her in her room to give her comfort.  I sat and let the image come, where I could sense her presence in her bedroom at the nursing home and just let her speak to me. I learned that I had indeed inherited something spiritual from my mothers side of the family, and I was full of joy for my Grandmother. She knew and I knew it was very special.    ",,citizen o,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Prefer no,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,separ,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
156,NDE,1093,29,,F,"The next thing I became aware of after being in the hallway was seeing my body below me. I was lying on a table, my lower half covered in blue draping. There was a doctor handing someting to a person at my right shoulder who took it and quickly and turned her back to me. I saw her arms moving very quickly, but couldn\xe2\x80\x99t see what she was doing. There was blood all over my abdomen. Another doctor was threading something into my chest, he was at my left side. Someone else came into the room to my right.  I was \xe2\x80\x9cfloating\xe2\x80\x9d past the ceiling. I was aware of this detail and found it interesting. I was \xe2\x80\x9cKrista\xe2\x80\x9d but not attached to the body below or the events going on in the room. I was simply an observer. I wanted to keep watching but was pulled to my left by a very strong force. I resisted only for an instant, then knew I must go. It was almost as if I was \xe2\x80\x9csucked\xe2\x80\x9d into this tunnel-like space. There were no defining \xe2\x80\x9cwalls\xe2\x80\x9d, only a static-like grey/white/black type of atmosphere throughout. I was a part of this static. I was moving at lightening speed. There was no time, and I remained Krista throughout the entire event. In the tunnel I next felt the bliss of all-penetrating, all encompassing love. No words can describe this feeling. I was \xe2\x80\x9chome\xe2\x80\x9d. All the questions I\xe2\x80\x99d ever had in my life were answered in an instant. The confirmation I was given was that we are here to love one another. Period. We are here to love. The next thing that happened was I was emerging from the static to a light grey illumination that was sort of milky cloudy in substance. There were beings lined up to my left, waiting for me to arrive. I did not know any of these beings. There was a young boy, around 12, who wore a round brimmed hat, like a child would have in the 1800\xe2\x80\x99s. For an instant I wanted to be there, then I didn\xe2\x80\x99t. I was back in the tunnel very briefly when it opened up to this vast, indescribably beautiful landscape. Breathtaking. I was immensely joyful and so very loved by it and everything. There were bright yellow flowers spread out across the ground in front of me. A forest lay to the right. A rock waterfall surrounded in lush greenery to the left. Past the flowers were undulating green grass hills dotted with trees and a bright blue sky above. It was Eden. It was home. In an instant I was given the choice to leave and I did. I knew I needed to be back here and be a mother. My next memory was of being in the ICU.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Physici,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
157,OBE,1143,17,,F,"I was disembodied. Watching my sister and Grandmother talk in a store I had never been in. I described the store and their conversation in detail. I was floating above, but I didnt see myself, just knew it was me. The feeling was pleasant.    ",,N/A    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,undec,none,"50,000 99",Some,student,,single,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,youth
158,ADC,1225,21,,M,My mother had passed away from long bout with cancer. The relatives gathered for the funeral and some stayed at our house. I gave up my bed and slept alone in the living room on a couch.  Sometime early in the morning I was awakened by someone hugging me tightly and the overwhelming thought YOU ARE LOVED was transferred to me. It woke me from a deep sleep and scared me as no one was present. I felt as though it was my mother although I did not see an image nor did she identify herself.   I thought that this was significant as these are the exact words from Dr. Alexanders book.     ,,Citizen b,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
159,ME ,1345,31,,M,"Then,1st day of programme,after about an hour,Time was around 1900 hrs IST, Our teacher talked about how OM is a sound resonating in universe,and it didnt make any sense to me.She asked us to close eyes and slowly say OM. When I slowly said OMwith closed eyes,I felt a tinkling of energy,starting around Navel area,going through Chest,and ending somewhere in Head.It felt wonderful. She asked us to repeat,2nd time when I said OM,Suddenly,in less than a fraction of second,It occured to me that this is a vibratory energy everything is made of,and a sudden ecstasy/happiness dawned on me. I was feeling elated,wonderful in knowing that it is just ONE in universe. When I walked out of classroom,took out my car keys,saw that energy in keys,in car,on road,in people walking on road,on trees, in distant stars, I could actually see Energy falling from sky,and as clearly as we see rain. I was ecstatic/on peak of happiness,it was like I will burst with happiness. I was driving alone,in ecstasy, decided to stop my car at a corner.I stopped my car,and just sat there for 15-20 minutes,and during those 15-20 minutes,I could Actually See my thoughts floating around my head, as clearly as we see birds flying, and suddenly it occured that These thoughts were not mine, These thoughts are not me, this mind is not me,I am something other than Thoughts and mind, and there was no doubt left,as I saw my thoughts as clearly as birds flying. I was overjoyed/ecstatic/passing peak of happiness/bursting with happiness,and I remained in this mood for about 22 days. I couldnt sleep with ecstasy.    ",,Indian,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Hindu,Hindu,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",maste,Navigat,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
160,ME ,1164,13,,F,"I, once again, knew I was part of something much larger than myself and the people and circumstances below. It filled me in some way that allowed me to feel comforted rather than continuing to feel so alone. And then it was over.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Outside,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
161,NDE,1262,24,,F,"I remember being in a long dark tunnel with white lights in the distance. The lights werent real lights but just a white glow at the end of this tunnel. A man was talking to me and he was standing on my left. I did not recognize him except to think that he looked like a football coach with a receding hairline and a whistle around his neck. He was heavy set in frame. He was saying to me, you cant stay here, you need to go back. And I was thinking, I dont want to go back, this feels so good! And I remember this feeling of utter euphoria. Better than any drug or high you could dream of! It was completely peaceful and filled with bliss!    ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,none,"100,000+",colle,Assista,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
162,ME ,1164,13,,F,"I, once again, knew I was part of something much larger than myself and the people and circumstances below. It filled me in some way that allowed me to feel comforted rather than continuing to feel so alone. And then it was over.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Outside,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
163,ME ,1512,42,,F,I was feeling overwhelmed with grief and confusion and I said out loud give me a signI kept shouting WHY WHY! And as I started my engine a car pulled up next to me in the empty parking lot. It was a deacon. I jumped out and hugged him tightly and wept as he let me grieve. He was there to get ready for a baptism.I felt very comforted and loved.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Adminis,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
164,ADC,1354,37,,F,"I had a dream. In it, I saw a small, frail old man walking slowly. It was dark, but I could see him as easily as if it was daylight. There was no background (furniture, buildings, trees), no sense of place or location. He was smiling and had on an ill-fitting suit that was too big for him. I felt sorry for him, because he was dressed in such an ill-fitting suit yet he didnt seem to realize it. Then I heard or sensed a voice that told me not to feel sorry for him because he was truly happy. In the morning, my husband got a phone call from his mother. His grandfather (a small, frail old man who looked just like the man in my dream) had died during the night. We werent aware that he was ill or anything. We hadnt been thinking about him or talking about him. Strangely, in the phone conversation, Brians mother mentioned that she had to go shopping for a new suit for him to be buried in. He had lost weight the last few years, and none of his suits fit him anymore.    ",,U.S. citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,very st,"100,000+",colle,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
165,ME ,1479,29,,M,"The exact events went like this: I had a thought, revelation or ephany come into my mind that God was real and he wanted to communicate with me. I thought that the source or origin of such a thought was strange so I thought of the perfect plan to prove myself wrong. I thought that I will ask it three questions that I truly do not know the answer to. I have literally always wanted to know these three questions since I was old enough to think deeply from my teenage years. God then answered them in the exact sequence and in such loving perfection that I now knew that God was indeed real and communicating with me.    ",,American,1 mill,atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio,Sales a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
166,OBE,1143,17,,F,"I was disembodied. Watching my sister and Grandmother talk in a store I had never been in. I described the store and their conversation in detail. I was floating above, but I didnt see myself, just knew it was me. The feeling was pleasant.    ",,N/A    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,undec,none,"50,000 99",Some,student,,single,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,youth
167,ADC,1244,22,,F,At the time it happened I did not attribute a lot to it as I was young and not particularly interested in religion or spirituality. Now I think it was a beautiful gift from a dad who loved me in the best way he knew how.    ,,US Citize,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,moder,very st,"0 24,999",some,Secreta,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
168,OBE,1092,24,,F,"Peace... like no other. If you tried to worry you just would not be able too. I was aware I was me, and I was ok with that.    ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Telepho,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
169,DEE,1533,71,,M,First I felt a Presence that started to indicate new exercises . As I was surprise I asked : I recognize a divine presence here and I would like to know Who is it .The response was I am Arc&#225;ngel San Gabriel .From that day on He has been always helping me ro recup&#233;rate my voice . Now I have it 90% back and continue giving recitals.    ,,Colombian,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Layer,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
170,DEE,1157,20,,F,"I was dreaming. I saw a being that seemed feminine. He/she had long silvery/blond/fair hair...in what I describe as being a blue garment, and surrounded in the brightest, bluest light I had ever seen. He/she was communicating with me. I felt a lot of love and care coming from this being...he/she loved me and was telling me important information about something that was going to happen soon. He/she was preparing me for something. When I awoke, I remembered no words. I couldnt tell you what he/she said because I remembered nothing of the conversation.  A little while later, days of weeks, I dreamt that I was at a party and i was telling someone that I had had a baby girl, but she had died.    ",,Australia,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Some,Mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
171,ADC,1110,42,,M,"Sr. Mary Joan was 96 when she deceased. She had a particular devotion to St. Theresa, The little Flower. When Sister would petition the Little Flower typically the sign of flowers would appear. Sister once told me that when I met my wife, I would receive a sign and I did.  I had bought a new cell phone, Sister was ill but not dying or anything. I had not spoke to her in a couple of months and had been meaning to go to Camilla Hall (IHM nun retirement) for a visit.  One day while checking for a water leak outside on December 13th, I noticed my rosebushes were in bloom. I immediately thought of Sister and what is she up too now. I called and was told she died. I clipped the roses and gave one to each of my family and put the rest in a bag for her niece. I didnt know how many there were so I dropped off the bag. 5 siblings and 5 roses. I know in my heart of hearts the roses were a sign of her giving me a heads up on her passing. We were very close. She died a month before.    ",,USA Citiz,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Softwar,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
172,ME ,1103,20,,M,"As I stood there crying and asking God why he would put me through this I heard a voice. It was not exactly audible, but I heard it in my mind as though it was audible. The statement was very short and concise: You are not alone. That was all. It wasnt booming. It didnt have attending angels or visions, only that one sentence. And yet the reality of it stuck with me. It was not like it hit home or bowled me over. It was just .... true. And nothing else. My grief didnt end, my situation didnt change. The heartbreak continued for months afterwards. However, it made a mark in me that I could not ignore. It is almost as if I could never be naive again about being alone. I shook my fist and cursed God sometimes, but I have never, since that day, believed I was alone. Oh, I am sometimes lonely, but thats situational. I never believe Im alone.    ",,Natural c,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
173,ME ,1030,49,,F,"I pulled onto the Interstate and slid into the left lane. The car in front of me was a red convertible and as I pulled closer I realized that I knew by the vanity plates who the person was driving the car. The plates were and I knew that was the owner of the Hotel who we knew socially. Then a voice spoke to me and gave me instructions and reasons why all at the same time and in just a few seconds I had been told what I had to do to be safe. The voice explained that the car was about to go out of control and speed into the center median. Then the person driving it would over-correct and speed across the interstate in front of me just in time for me to T-bone the car and kill both of us. The voice told me to simply take my foot off the gas and coast...that would slow my car enough to avoid hitting the car and the semis behind me would not hit me. Just exactly as the instructions were completed I took my foot off the gas and the entire scene played out before me. The car started running off to the left into the median kicking grass up and speeding toward the steel barrier...at 1st I thought it would be sliced in 2 right down the middle, but then the driver began to swerve back into my lane. He cut across 2 lanes...and because I had already slowed down ...he missed me by inches...clipped the car behind me and to my right and slammed into the guard-rail on the other side of the interstate.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Sales,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
174,DEE,1353,19,,M,The voice belongs to the Holy Spirit of God. The 3 communications from the voice are parts of the one event of answering my question regarding my next move in promoting greater peace in our world.    ,,U.S.    Q,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,medical,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
175,DEE,1202,29,,F,"During the waiting period, I decided to speak to the Mother aspect of the Goddess. I was going to be 30 in about 5 months and was wondering about my lifes direction. When it came time for me, I was escorted down the lit path to the lower circle by an attendant; they helped people up and down the path for safety reasons. He asked me which aspect I had chosen and I told him. We walked over to where that Priestess was working. She had someone there and I was told to wait. She would tell me to come over to her when she was ready. She raised her hand and waved me over. I knelt at her feet. I felt an amazing amount of energy around me, it was actually quite warm. I was wearing a cloak but had to remove it. I didnt look at her face. A voice spoke and asked me what I wished to know. Her voice was clear, calm, and so beautiful. I asked for clarity in the coming years. If there was anything I needed to know or was missing. I could feel her smile. I had my eyes closed. The next thing I felt was her hand on my forehead. An amazing amount of energy surged through me and I felt like I had been drenched in love energy. I began to cry. I never felt so accepted, understood, and knew that no matter what I did or choices I made, I was loved and would always be her daughter. I wept. Such unconditional love completely overwhelmed me. Once we finished, the attendant came to help me up and I continued to cry all the way back up the path. He held me and we walked to the upper fire where a chair was waiting. He sat me down and got me some apple juice to drink. He told me to wait there until I could walk back to my camp unaided. Once I got back to camp, I kept crying for several hours. I felt like I was purging all the negative beliefs about who I was.      ",,US citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Operati,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
176,ME ,1488,49,,M,"God told me his son died for my sin--honor him. My sins were forgiven. He told me he created me and would one day reclaim me--trust him. I agonized, but submitted. Immediately I heard angels singing; the air smelled sweet. I looked out the window and I could see the molecular structure of everything that was alive. I was weightless. The most astonishing sensation was a feeling of love I had never had before. I couldnt define it or attach words to it and I really didnt want to because I didnt want to tarnish something so pure by putting it in a box.    ",,us citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
177,DEE,1353,19,,M,The voice belongs to the Holy Spirit of God. The 3 communications from the voice are parts of the one event of answering my question regarding my next move in promoting greater peace in our world.    ,,U.S.    Q,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,medical,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
178,OBE,1392,22,,M,"This story is an account of an amazing venture into the future that came about by what I, years later, came to know as a Near Death Experience. Although I wasnt physically near death at the time, I experienced all the earmarks of a classic Near Death Experience, including leaving my physical body and traveling at tremendous speeds through a variety of mystical dimensions.   A Window in Time By Joe   The cold March rain dripped steadily off the back porch awning as I ran water for my morning coffee. Through the kitchen window I could see streaks of snow across the muddy back yard. Where the yard ended and the dark gray bark of maple trees along the hillside took over, the snow still covered all the land. The phone rang. Setting down the coffee pot, I reached for the phone. Hello. I said. You wanna meet for lunch? Jim asked without even bothering to say hello. Sure, I replied. Anything to get me out and away from the boredom. We exchanged a few more words and hung up. I put the coffee pot on the stove, grabbed a quick shower, put on a sweatshirt, poured myself a cup of coffee, and sat down to read a couple chapters from an Eric Von Daniken book I had just picked up the day before. A couple hours later, I put on a rainproof windbreaker and headed for town. When I arrived at Charlies Lounge, Jim was already there. Whats the special?, I asked the bartender.  Burger and fries, he said. Good enough for me, I replied. Put some cheese on it too. Jim looked over and smiled. You wanna beer? Ah, its a little early for that I said. Come on, one with lunch wont hurt you. he said. Get him a draught, he said to the bartender. Jim was a road construction worker who hadnt been working for the past couple weeks due to the incessant rain. Id known him since we were kids. His boredom wasnt as intense as mine, but the cold, dreary rain was getting a lot of people down in this tiny Pennsylvania railroad town. It was a tough little town along the edge of the Allegheny Mountains in central Pennsylvania. The heart of Appalachia was just a few minutes away. The Vietnam War was just winding down and Watergate was front page news every day. Life, like the weather, was bleak. A month earlier I had finished a two year stint as a Military Policeman in Germany.  I was accustomed to the excitement of constant stimulation. As a policeman I had weathered the drama and tragedy of the Munich Olympics, witnessed first hand the violence of the militant Baader-Meinhof Gang, and while wearing the white hat of law enforcement, had been front and center in the unpredictable and dangerous world of heroin addiction. Okay, Ill sip on a beer, I said to the bartender. Jim smiled. When I looked in his direction I could see a couple guys playing a game of pool. Immediately my radar went off. Two brothers were playing a game of eightball. One of the brothers was a year older than me, and had been a superb football player. The other brother was a year younger than me and had always been a bit of a troublemaker. And, he was drunk! It just past noon and he was drunker than a skunk. Several years earlier, I had been in an all out fight with the younger one. I had knocked him down and was on top of him, pounding the living daylights out of him when someone pulled me off.  Here he was again. Drunk, and this time with his older brother, who it appeared he was going to try and impress. He was staring at me. His face was getting red. I could feel my adrenalin surging. Every drop of testosterone in my body was lit up. The two years in the military had added 30 pounds of muscle to my body. I had been trained in judo and self defense techniques. I was capable of putting anyone into submission in seconds. I was ready! To avoid initiating any confrontation and to maintain my focus, I chose to gaze at the cue ball(the all white pool ball) as it bounded around the pool table. A moment went by, then two. I kept my focus on the cue ball. I began developing a slightly different mind set. I clearly remembering saying to myself, I choose to not allow my emotions to dictate my actions. I choose to just stay focused on the neutral cue ball. Then BOOM, it happened. Suddenly, without warning, my entire state of consciousness shot directly out of the top of my head. Everything I knew to be me was traveling at a tremendous rate of speed, and accelerating by the second. At first I seemed to have shot through a tunnel like zone, then into a brightly lit world. I went past cities, land masses, continents, entire worlds. and universes. I clearly remember seeing a great River. I remember thinking at the time that it must be the River that St John spoke of in Revelations. I remember clearly because, at the time, I was a dyed in the wool atheist. But I didnt stop there. I just zipped on by. I saw things and concepts that I just didnt understand, bu",,US    Q.,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,militar,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
179,ME ,1072,42,,M,"Up ahead on the road at the other stop sign there were 2-3 cars stopped and waiting. There were no cars behind or in front of me. A car on the main road (going right to left by my perspective) stopped to turn down the road heading toward me but did not turn (they were waiting for a car going the other direction that I could not see). I had a powerful feeling that the stopped car was dangerous and to keep away. I will call this car X. I slowed significantly and soon came to a complete stop at least 20 feet from the sign. Still with almost no visibility of the main road in either direction. Within seconds the car waiting at the opposite stop sign (I will call this car Y) slammed on the gas and pulled out into the main road turning left (right by my perspective). The X car that I was afraid of had stopped to wait for an oncoming car but the driver in Y did not see this and thought X had stopped to let it by. The oncoming car Z slammed on its breaks to avoid car Y, swerved and slid on road dirt left from sanding. Car Z would have crashed into me had I been at the stop sign, or they would have hit car X or car Y if they did not swerve my direction.    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,moder,none,"25,000 49",Junio,R&amp;D,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
180,ME ,1284,36,,F,"Synchronicity \xe2\x80\x93 This is my calling\xe2\x80\xa6Why the mental health system is antiquated, and why we need to stop pretending we\xe2\x80\x99re robots in a naturally spiritual world. After years of searching for my life purpose it was handed to me on a plate, quite literally from the Universe straight into my head, like a light bulb suddenly being switched on in a deep dark cave of confusion. Please don\xe2\x80\x99t lose me here, you may be thinking: \xe2\x80\x98so who are you and what do you know about re-evaluating the conceptual framework around mental illness or achieving universal peace?\xe2\x80\x99 That is exactly what I thought when the information came to me; I am no Professor or academic guru. That is the point, this has nothing to do with who I am, I have been given this message to prove that anybody of any intellect or social standing can tap into the psychic realm and see a universal truth; all you have to do is ask the question and then believe in the answer.  I have been told by spirit that the mental health system in our Western society desperately needs modifying in terms of spiritual experience. Mental distress is actually a fallacy of modern society which is ever increasing in line with consumerism and will continue to do so unless we acknowledge the problems we are creating. We must see mental distress of any kind with new eyes if human evolution is going to continue in the way it is meant. Mental distress originates in fear, a fear lodged in our past that we carry with us into the present, and project into the future, a destructive fear from which we can be free, individually, and so, universally. Now here\xe2\x80\x99s the irony:My fear of speaking out about this message and how it came to me \xe2\x80\x93 the message that it is fear that stops mankind achieving mental wellbeing, happiness and fundamentally Universal peace \xe2\x80\x93 nearly stopped me from following my path, after years of searching! I don\xe2\x80\x99t deny that I\xe2\x80\x99m not still scared, but what kind of hypocrite would I be if I were to tell everyone they didn\xe2\x80\x99t need to be scared, if I were too afraid to put my head above the parapet and risk being shot at? Before I had my \xe2\x80\x98experience\xe2\x80\x99 I knew nothing about spirituality, and even less about religion. So what happened was as incredulous to me as what you are going to read may sound to you! I have, however, always had good intuition and a kind of underlying \xe2\x80\x98knowing\xe2\x80\x99 since childhood that I\xe2\x80\x99ve been searching for something that was missing, like I always knew there was another dimension even though society and my education told me otherwise. I was about 12 when I read the book \xe2\x80\x98Utopia\xe2\x80\x99 and to me it was more than just fiction, it was a possibility. Now I don\xe2\x80\x99t just think it\xe2\x80\x99s achievable; I know how. It all happened when I had started to meditate at the same time as thinking more deeply about what to be \xe2\x80\x98mentally ill\xe2\x80\x99 actually means. I\xe2\x80\x99d worked within the field for long enough to know about academic theory; the nature / nurture argument and chemical imbalances. What was the truth? I started to question my own sanity, I have always been very sensitive and emotional; where do you draw the line? I am well aware that by writing this, that by voicing my beliefs that I have channelled a message from the spiritual realm, I could be seen by some working within the mental health field as being deluded or having experienced a psychotic episode. You may choose to believe that this is the rambling of an unstable mind, you may suggest that what I am saying is insane. I, however, now know that the real insanity would be for me to ignore such an important message. If I were to ignore it and deny myself my truth for fear of speaking out against a system, I know that I would become mentally distressed \xe2\x80\x93 and that is also proof enough for me to know that the message I have been given is the truth. Many people who try to speak out about their psychic experiences are told that what they are experiencing is not real; that they are \xe2\x80\x98mad\xe2\x80\x99. So either way, if somebody has a spiritual experience they are more than likely doomed to some form of mental distress, predominantly not from the experience itself, but from either repressing it due to fear, or from believing they are going \xe2\x80\x98mad\xe2\x80\x99 if they do dare to speak out because they are told that what is happening to them isn\xe2\x80\x99t real. The message I was given confirmed all of this. So I had been contemplating the true nature of mental illness, and whether indeed I was mentally unwell, and my brain went into overload so I decided I needed to try to relax. I went into a meditation and what I experi",,British,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,I have,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
181,ADC,1069,43,,F,"In my dream, I was sitting on my front porch on a concrete bench, enjoying a beautiful sunny day. As i looked into the blue sky, I saw little pinpoints of light appearing one of which became larger and larger and hovered over me. I understood it to say that my brother was coming to see me and I turned to see him sitting beside me on the bench. He teased me about my jewelry (something he did quite a lot)and told me he loved me. I got to tell him goodbye and tell him I loved him as well. Then, He was gone.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Physica,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
182,DEE,1486,24,,M,I found myself moving in a tunnel with the walls looking like lumpy dark clouds. I saw a light up ahead. Suddenly the light engulfed me with a complete feeling of total love.    ,,Citizen o,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
183,ME ,1508,49,,M,we were sitting down in my dining room enjoying a BBQ steak dinner when my mother appeared to Stephen holding some objects that only I knew about chiefly a ball of white yarn a knitted baby dress  trimmed in  purple and knitting needles. He never knew  she knitted much less NEVER met her before she died. I started cryingand shaking because I knew it to be true the baby dresses she knitted and gave aways as gifts  for christening the babies    ,,landed,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Fed gov,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
184,ADC,1492,29,,F,"At the time, I had been teaching at a certain elementary school for about a year. I didnt really know any other teachers, just kept to those in my grade level. I had a dream one night about a co-workers father. I didnt know this co-worker, barely knew her first name. I didnt even talk to her as we werent even in the same grade level. It was odd that I would randomly dream about her as she was just an acquaintance. In the dream, I entered a bedroom of what seemed to be an older home. I saw this co-workers father, sitting up in a twin sized bed which was up against the wall. He was very happy, smiling, motioned me to come near him. I noticed his hands were at his heart, as if showing me he was in pain or had been in pain. Then he told me that his heart did indeed hurt, but that he wanted me to tell his daughter that he loved her very much. He did this without actually speaking. It was nonverbal communication. Thats all I remember about the dream.    ",,citizen,"50,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,element,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
185,DEE,1075,37,,F,"I was very sick and due to fly from Minnesota to California for Neurosurgery in a few days time. I was in so much pain for about a year before being properly diagnosed with a rare spontaneous injury to my spine..not only was my condition rare but my general health was rapidly declining. I am a single mom with two kids who were pretty young and I only got out of bed to care to their needs then they would come to me at my bed. While in bed I wondered what would happen to them if I didnt get better and had questioned my faith as I was continuously praying. I was in bed and the room was silent. I started to pray and paused, meaning to continue I stopped because I felt too sick and had wondered why...then I heard a voice as clear as someone next to me and it made me hold my breath. He said my child, Im right here with you. Have faith I will never leave you. I know your walk is weary but I will not forsake thee. It is for my Glory. Just trust in me. Just trust in me. Im going to show you what you must go through to grow your strength in me, but I will not leave your side, trust me. Many will call me Holy because of your endurance and strength. This is the Word of The Lord.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Executi,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
186,NDA,1306,30,,F,I broke down in tears and had an overwhelming sense that I was where I needed to be and that everything was finally going to be okay.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",some,Tattoo,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
187,ADC,1544,59,,F,see above    ,,US    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",docto,Technic,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
188,DEE,1293,61,,F,"On August 20, 2006, Holy Spirit visited me. I was creating beaded jewelry that I sold at different outlets. I had finished a line of bracelets and cleared off my beading table, and put away all my beads, to make room for a new line of bracelets I wanted to make. I walked away from the table but when I returned, I saw in the middle of the cleaned-off area a Christian cross made up of small, clear glass pebbles. You know, the kind that are rounded on one side and flat on the other side. I liked these clear glass pebbles and kept a glass of them on my beading table to look at and to play with. The cross was positioned on the table askew--1:00 / 7:00. The lines of the glass pebbled cross were absolutely perfectly straight. The long part of the cross was made up of all one side of the pebbles while the short part was made up of the other side. I stood there and just stared at the glass cross. For the first few seconds, I was in a mild state of shock. I searched my brain to see if I had done that and forgot, but no. I thought if Hank might have done it but didnt think he would have. Then I knew where it came from and got the chills. But I had to eliminate Hank just to be sure, so I called him in. I pointed to the cross and asked if he did this. He stared at the cross and said no. I told him I didnt do it either. I told him that Holy Spirit did it. He didnt say anything about this. We looked at it some more and then went back to work. I tried to Crazy Glue the glass pebbles together to keep it as it was but the round glass pebbles wouldnt hold together even with this glue. The glue residue dirtied up the pretty clear glass pebbles (as you can see in the uploaded image) but I didnt want to clean them off. I wanted to keep them as they were. I put the pebbles in a pretty silk sack and kept it together with my other Signs from God. I went to my spiritual journal and recorded this experience, like I did with all the others. Now I keep these pebbles out in the open in the shape of the cross on a plate with my DAD envelope next to it.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
189,ME ,1137,17,,M,"Observed feelings of bliss. What i learned from this initial experience was that i could re-enter this state at will, particularly when relaxed and laying down. Came to understand that there is more than just the physical body. Still curious as to why this occurs and the full mechanics behind it.    ",,Australia,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",some,Hospita,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
190,ADC,1216,42,,F,n/a    ,,Natural b,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"0 24,999",High,stay at,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
191,ME ,1555,15,,F,"See previous question. Rather than a visual, it was a presence, and understanding, an overwhelming felling of love that goes beyond words. Gods voice was a thought, a feeling in my soul, a oneness but a separateness.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Stay at,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
192,NDA,1307,40,,F,"I was asleep and was suddenly awaken by my fathers hand shaking my arm. He was telling me that he had to go. I begged him not to. He seemed angry and told me he had to. I woke with tears in my eyes. I thought it was a dream, but it seemed so real. I almost called his house, but it was 3:00 am. The next morning, I called to see if everything was alright, and my mother assured me that all was well. The following month, he died suddenly.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Real Es,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
193,NDA,1208,53,,M," While semi-conscious, I was transported to a barren planet where I received a review of my life andwas sure that I would have to spend eternity alone.I was sure I was in Hell. I recived guidance to Return to the church of your youth and atone for your sins I was scared out of my wits.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Colonel,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
194,OBE,1286,17,,M,"Regained awareness as two classmates were supporting me on their shoulders across the road that separated the school from the hospital. I was floating about 10 metres above my body, looking down at my friends and my body My pride hurt at being carried, I insisted I could walk perfectly well on my own and crossed the road on my own, before losing consciousness again I could see the roof tiles of the hospital from the angle that you would expect when at the same height as the roof, and the tops of my friends heads. The experience was ecstatic and there was a feeling of there being nothing to worry about and that I was loved unconditionally    ",,British,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",some,Student,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
195,DEE,1542,65,,M,"My STE is a Divine Entity Encounter, at least I think that is the closest description of it. I have reported this in my book; Jesus Who. I suspect it was the Spirit of God, but it could have been an angle.  Personal Story; A love tap of Understanding For several years, I could not accept that all the people in a couple of Old Testament cities were killed by Joshua\xe2\x80\x99s army. Joshua 11:11-12 What about the infants and young children? Why should they die a terrible death for the sins of their parents? I was thrown a curve by this story. How could God do such a terrible thing? This was not merciful. This was a big problem for me and remained so for years. These young children could have been taken into homes of decent people and they would have no knowledge of their biological parents or their old lifestyles. Then one day I was praying about this and I got something like a gentle slap on the head, an interruption of my consciousness from outside myself, likely from the Spirit of God; I clearly heard. \xe2\x80\x9cThe souls of the innocents were taken a moment before they died.\xe2\x80\x9d So when the sword hit, the children were in a persistent vegetative state in that God had already taken their souls to safety. What a relief! I was elated. Then about five seconds later, I thought; Hey, wait a minute. Did God really tell me that, or did I just make it up to ease my own distress? Straight away I got a second interruption and I clearly heard that voice again; \xe2\x80\x9cIf you did make it up, how much wiser and more merciful is your Father in Heaven.\xe2\x80\x9d Wow! It was definitely not my voice or my words. The old fashioned style is not the way I use words or language! Plus the fact that it came as an interruption to my thoughts (hey, pay attention). I am convinced that it was Divinely given personal information to help me get over this stumbling block. Most wonderful of all, notice that the communication was loving, not angry. I had just assumed, that God would be angry with me for being dumb, weak and sinful, because I was often angry with myself for those reasons. The improbable lovingness and civility of this communication kept me in a state of astonishment for several years and still causes breathlessness when I recall it to mind. How could the all powerful God love such a dumb, weak and sinful little man? Is that an improbable enough God for you? It sure is for me and I do have faith in Him. He\xe2\x80\x99s got you, He\xe2\x80\x99s got you and He\xe2\x80\x99s got your back. Don\xe2\x80\x99t worry about anything because all this earthly stuff, everything here, is ridiculously trivial to Him. I thank God for showing Himself to me as a loving father and I do feel very blessed for it. God is love and I suspect that humans have been programmed by God to love our children so that we, in our human pettiness, would have at least some experience of what love is. \xe2\x80\x9cAnyone who loves God must also love their brother and sister\xe2\x80\x9d. 1 John 4:21 So we are supposed to love one another, that means love everyone always. So just know that you too may reasonably expect that the one and only God will communicate with you about your Christian concerns and that it will come out of the clear blue sky and be a loving personal answer. He is the same loving God for all of us, even those people we don\xe2\x80\x99t care for. As improbable as it is, God loves us all. You will come to be as fond of your new Christian memories as you are of your actual childhood memories, because there is a mighty and loving Father helping you through a difficult and confusing adolescents. If you missed out on that from your biological father, you will find your Heavenly Father especially wonderful and loving. Really. God never said that the Bible is all there is to know. It is implied that the Bible is the minimum you should know and there may be certain things that He will communicate to help you personally if you ask Him. Waiting for God to answer is fairly short term, it is not the classic; Waiting For Godoe. God is for real.     ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
196,NDA,1423,12,,M,Very timeless. Floating and very pleasant. Not much life experience at that time because I was twelve. Saw a very bright light and floated toward the light through a very dark tunnel... Began later to descend and my body rotated so that I was laying with my back on the ceiling of the hospital room and was looking down at myself in the bed with my grandmother sitting there next to me.    ,,American,"100,00",religious,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,NA    Q,,single,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,youth
197,ADC,1434,45,,F,"Wish you were here. (a poem) You would love this place Dad, this forest mountain trail meandering past turquoise glacier lakes, cutting across a steep treeless loose-gravel scree. The path turns to switchback up a bare-dirt shoulder smoothed by winter\xe2\x80\x99s snow melting. At the crest, suddenly the view opens up expansive, to all horizons like the Swiss Alps. The whole Cascade range is carved at my feet: vivid green chasms, peaks painted white, no hint of civilization.  A pure sky of small cotton ball clouds streams from the horizon directly toward me, and I have to brace against this wild steady wind that spurs an endless herd of white stallions. Suddenly close and larger when leaping over this ridge, they tuck their legs at the last minute, skirting these wind-braced gnarled trees and my hand stretching up.  I used to tag along on your weekend hikes to places like this, your sanctuary. Me scurrying behind with little legs, trying to keep up with your tall, long easy strides. Death is the mystery, but I can sense you here now, Dad, in the mountains. Forgiveness allows my heart to expand; love created this place and is greater than space and time.  But I don\xe2\x80\x99t hike like you did, I mountain bike. I pick up my machine here to ride back down, put on a helmet and earbuds for my Ipod. Swooping down the trail weaving through banked turns, speed and reactions are too quick for thought: rocks, a few feet of air. Me and two wheels quietly carve turns around huge ancient cedars skyscraper tall, their wizened moss-bearded branches sleepily brush puffy mist above. A postcard-intense azure sky between their reddish-brown trunks. A rush flying weightless through adrenaline-fueled bliss, this is my cathedral.  As I ride, a favorite song by Incubus always makes me think of you. It has become my prayer, telling you I am ok now.   I dig my toes into the sand,   the ocean looks like a thousand diamonds strewn across a blue blanket   I lean against the wind   Pretend that I am weightless   And in this moment I am happy.   I Wish You Were Here\xe2\x80\xa6.     I lay my head onto the sand.   The sky resembles a backlit canopy with holes punched in it.   Im counting ufos.   I signal them with my lighter   and in this moment i am happy,  I had a rare chance to visit your grave, passing through on my motorcycle. So many years ago this dot on a map, a hiccup in a straight flat line, was the stifling world I escaped at eighteen. Now its just a hot, dusty-small, freeway town. Surreally, everyone is a stranger. An earlier self\xe2\x80\x99s memories are just a story, gratefully too distant for emotions. The gravel road turns behind juvenile hall where I waited for my new foster mom after you died. The tiny catholic cemetery holds a few hundred family histories, a white, white statue, larger than life, divides two centuries. Mary, weeping, holds tortured Jesus in her lap. I know, neither one of us is Catholic, but mom was. I park the motorcycle. One key with one fob, a little silver disc etched with three lines one side, three broken lines the other; I-Ching symbols for Heaven and Earth.  Two unkempt, neglected yellow rose bushes grown mis-matched almost cover your name, so I trim a few branches. Ive never believed a spirit is buried, you are not here. But this is the last place on earth our paths intersected, so where else to go? No dates on the stone, I am sorry. I was too young to remember when the funeral home asked. But I am ok now.  You would be so proud of your beautiful granddaughters. The best of all of us, together.  You would like my husband, my soulmate. With him I\xe2\x80\x99ve surfed tropical waters with whales and turtles, biked Canadian passes, found love. Your spirit doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have to carry the burden of our grief anymore. I am no longer in a place of confused tears. Not even here. This sunny day.  Birds practice their songs above me, sitting back on an old tree; leaves quietly stirring sunbeams. I\xe2\x80\x99ve always liked the Hispanic graves, decorated like a party. A family has recently left, spending a few happy hours with a beloved. Shiny balloons gently sway in the breeze.  Its a relief to share the peace we both so desperately needed so long ago. Then thoughts of the remaining day start to impede. A grocery list of errands, people to visit, hours on a clock, all interrupt me to leave. From the cool mowed grass I pick up my smartphone filled with facebook and emails, then in my hand the phone plays Wish You Were Here.  Dad. Are you telling me youre ok now too? I put the phone down to be here, a little while longer.  Love is greater than space and time.     ",,born citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,By the,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
198,NDA,1047,35,,M,"She was very weak, had stopped eating and couldnt swallow even an eyedropper of water. She slipped back and forth between consciousness and being non-responsive. the event began casually enough, with her periodically asking Who is that person across the room. Hospice warned me this could happen. Of course I would look and no one was there so I would say I dont know. After a couple more times of mentioning that people were standing across the room, they became closer. At one point, she saw 2 people standing right next to my sister at her bedside. My mom asked my sister Who is that? My sister asked Where? and my mom said Right beside you! Of course that totally creeped out my sister! Keep in mind that although Hospice had given her morphine which I was to deliver as needed, after the first and only time I gave it to my mom, after a few hours she woke up and asked me what I had given her. I told her morphine for the pain. She said They told me Im not supposed to take it so please dont give it to me again. I did not. So the incidents of her seeing people were becoming more frequent and she mentioned a Benjamin which my father said must have been one of her favorite distant relatives that had passed on well before I was born. He said my mother always had a connection with Benjamin in life and that they were good friends. She also saw both her parents and would carry on conversations with them. I would sit by her bedside, holding her hand and she would seem unresponsive yet mumbling as if she was talking to someone. At one point, she was talking to her deceased father, I guess, because my dad and I kept hearing the occasional Daddy come out of her mouth. All of a sudden her eyes would open and she would look directly at me and ask Can you please tell Daddy (or Aline her mother) to come back? I want to talk to them again. One morning, she asked me to go get my father, which I did. She said to him Joe I love you. He said I love you too. She said I dont know whether to LET them help me leave. (We knew she meant her parents and the others she had been talking to). My father asked If you went with them, would you be happy? She said OH YES! Then he said Well, then, you should go. Sometime after that point, they told her what time she would be departing. 1:30. We didnt know whether that meant AM or PM but her demeanor was one of anticipation. She was almost excited. She kept asking (felt like every 5 minutes) What time is it? What time is it now? What about now? Despite our grief, we had to chuckle at her reaction. After that, the next day the chaplin was scheduled to visit at 9:30 am. He called at 9:00 am to say he would be delayed. He told me he would be able to get there at 1;30 pm. the coincidence totally escaped me at that time. I walked into the bedroom and my mom perked up and asked Who was on the phone? (which by the way is really out-of-character for someone who is in a non-responsive state almost 24/7. At that point, she didnt even act as though she knew she was in her own bedroom). I told her it was the chaplin and that he would be there at 1:30 pm. She exclaimed HOW DOES HE KNOW? I had to laugh! I told her He doesnt think you are going to die at 1:30! Hes just late! (little did I know!) So, fast-forward to 1:00 pm. Tracy, the aide was with my mom and I had gone down to my house to bathe and change clothes. A very strong thought popped into my head GET DOWN THERE! I looked at the clock and it was 1:15 pm. My only thought at that point was that I didnt want to miss the chaplin. I ran down the street and met him on the sidewalk as he was leaving. After a brief exchange, I hurried into the bedroom whereby Tracy promptly grabbed me by the shirt and pulled me into the bathroom. Wide-eyed she said I just saw something! Ive never seen anything! I just saw a BIRD fly into your mothers hospital gown! It flew inside the fabric! I saw the gown billow up as it flew across her heart. Then it disappeared! I was speechless. I said come on! and we went back into the room. My mother was having trouble breathing and her lips where turning blue. I looked and Tracy and said this is it, isnt it? Very quickly, my moms skin flashed blue (anoxia?) yellow (jaundice?) then pink/grey again almost like technicolor and at the same time I could hear her lungs filling up with fluid very quickly. No longer able to take a breath, she quickly expired. It was 1:30 pm.    ",,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
199,ADC,1348,49,,F,"I was lying face down on the massage table when a soccer game began to unfold in front of me. I thought \xe2\x80\x9cthat\xe2\x80\x99s nice\xe2\x80\x9d. The game then came closer \xe2\x80\x9cinto my line of vision\xe2\x80\x9d (even though my eyes were closed). It was vivid, techno-color and I remember thinking it was so real. The kids that were playing were cute and happy, smiling, and intent on their game. One child seemed to really grab my attention, he was blond and handsome and so well formed, and I remember thinking \xe2\x80\x9cthat\xe2\x80\x99s what Nick would look like if he were alive\xe2\x80\x9d.  They were having so much fun with this game. The next thing I knew, the kid that looked like my son kicked the ball and I thought, that\xe2\x80\x99s a goal for sure; then the ball swerved and came towards me at Mach speed and slammed me in the face. The next instant, it was snatched back by Nick (by son) and he stood there radiantly smiling for a few seconds and he said \xe2\x80\x9cThat one was for you, mom \xe2\x80\x93 just to let you know, I\xe2\x80\x99m OK\xe2\x80\x9d. He waved good bye as he ran back onto the field and began playing with his friends.  I jumped so high on the massage table, that the masseur who was massaging my upper back and neck at the time, actually jumped back a few feet and said \xe2\x80\x9cWow, what just happened?\xe2\x80\x9d  The child I saw was my child, he would have been the age my son would have been if he were alive, about 7 or 8 years old. When I thought back on this, I thought it was a little mean to slam me in the face with a soccer ball, but then I chuckled because I knew that was what was needed to get through my layers of grief. I knew he was telling me that he was fine and that I should \xe2\x80\x9cget on with my own life\xe2\x80\x9d.     ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",some,Broker-,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
200,ME ,1440,21,,F,"Dear Dr. Alexander, Thank you so much for your book, Proof of Heaven. I have not had a NDE, but I experience a variety of connections with/in my own body. I thought I would share them with you so that you might be able to incorporate these ideas and implications into the knowledge you now possess. Mini-bio: I am 32 years old, lesbian, a former college athlete, white, middle-class/U.S., non-religious. When I was in my teens, I was inexplicably drawn to spiritual books for the greater part of 2-3 years, and then that continued into college (previously, I detested reading anything). There was no explanation for this; I detested organized religion as well. I read books by Brian Weiss Many Lives, Many Masters; Charles Tart (actually flew to California to see him speak); Gary Schwartz, among many others. I found myself reading anything and everything I could find on reincarnation, psychics, NDEs, mystical ideas and the like. As I read more, it seemed like the reading experience was such that the more I read, the deeper I went into things I already knew...and that is what kept me reading. In part, I also think that I connected this knowledge with a more sociological knowledge of the body/spirit, particularly by way of sexuality since I was also, simultaneously, coming into the awakening of my sexuality and the relationship between aesthetic experience and physical sensation. For me, there was this immediate connection between sexuality and spirituality. At any rate, I went on in college to major in psychology, sociology, and religion/philosophy. I was one of the very few students in school that defended the reality of psi phenomenon, having never literally not really experienced it myself up to that point. I read the stories and just knew they were real. As I read more, and defended the idea more and more, I began to experience more in the way of expanded consciousness. All of this started shortly after this 2-3 year stint of reading. My clairvoyance is somehow limited by time; I know things are going to happen and Im informed of them, but only about 10 minutes prior. I receive information/images in the waking state in the form of symbolic interactions i.e. ideas are communicated by the meaning my psyche will construct if I cogitate about what very material relations actually mean or feel like specifically to me i.e. the particular is what carries the universal intent of the message/the lesson. In your terminology, I think that is my bodys way of adapting to the inflow of messages that it knows are from the outside. Most often, it goes like this: I will be receiving information that I can feel is information coming through and I will pay very close attention to the content because I know it is not just my own random thoughts (i.e. I would probably be a good receiver in telepathic studies). I will then obsess about what I can make of the structural relations of that content in the very context of my theoretical/sociological categories/knowledge...because it seems to me that it is in figuring out that puzzle that explains why it is that Im receiving that message. Sometimes I can figure out who it needs to reach. I guess this ties in with the quotation on your website that all thoughts and actions are interconnected...and that is true at every level. Story 2: Although it may have nothing or everything do with me, the night I was on my bed studying, crying, and mourning my deceased cousin who died the night prior she came to visit me by staging a physical impossibility... because she knew that would register to me (Im also a very scientific mind I see the possible by way of the impossible. My family makes fun of me for always asking for percentages and probabilities in all aspects of life). :) Anyway, the night prior to this, I remember the light bulb above my bed blowing out I could hear the filament hit the glass of the bulb. Nonetheless, I had left the light switch up/circuit open. As I was sitting there crying the second night, thinking about Beth, and feeling guilty that we had not connected more the year before when she requested that, the light illuminated in a fashion akin to those lights that very gradually get brighter/lighter by touch. It lasted for about 10 seconds. It illuminated in a way that is not possible given the type of light it is; it wasnt on a dimmer switch. And the visual was as if a blast of energy had simply traveled through the space. I know to a degree of 100% that this light bulb had totally and completely blown out the night prior. I was sitting in the exact same place. I immediately knew it was her, and was immediately brought to tears, again. I verbally thanked her. The next day I took the light bulb to a philosophy professor of mine who was very familiar with modern physics. He was a materialist. I told him what happened, asked if there was s",,U.S. citi,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",maste,I didnt,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
201,NDE,1066,24,,F,"Suddenly I realized that I was someplace other than earth. I was not scared at all. It was dark, but peaceful I felt as if I was being held in the arms of Jesus. I was told (not verbally/audibly, but there was a consious awareness of communication, and understanding, perhaps telepathic) that I was loved. In this darkness I felt every cell of my body bathed in peace and love and comfort. No pain, not a euphoria, but just simply wonderful. It felt so good. But then I realized I had a choice to move forward to (I assumed heaven) or go back to where I had been. As good as this place made me feel, I thought about how cute my new baby sone was and how I wanted to be his mother. As soon as my choice was clear, I felt my self beamed back instantly to the hospital bed. I remember saying to the nurses, Im back. I was too weak to open my eyes, but KNEW I had been elsewhere and now was not only back on earth, but back for a long time.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Recepti,,marri,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
202,ME ,1387,36,,F,"I was always pulled out of my drunken stupor of the emotional type when I saw the TV screen doing that. It shocked me, I didnt understand what was wrong with the TV. I was never on drugs or alcohol I dont experiment with that stuff. The TV would only go back to regular viewing status if we turned it off and back on again. G did not care one iota about what happened with that TV. But I have always wondered what it was because I have never heard anyone ever talk about it happening to them. Yet it happened to me under these very specific conditions around 6 or 7, maybe 8 times.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Mail/Co,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
203,ME ,1211,51,,F,"I was SO comforted, both at the time and later when I found his body. I knew he was loved and safe and free from the struggles of his life here. I learned that there was no judgment of Steve for his life that, from a human perspective, would be considered wasted. The feelings, the awareness, took me far beyond the teachings of my legalistic religious childhood.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Masters,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
204,ADC,1537,48,,F,    ,,Dual citi,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,School,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
205,DEE,1404,21,,M,". I \xe2\x80\x9cImagined\xe2\x80\x9d in my head fields of daisies and the beach. I felt many sexual sensations that were very real and believed a woman was making love to me. I heard too many voices to say specifics. I felt terrified, weak physically, burning foul hot energy consuming me, energy that was directed towards me because I was weak, taken advantage of energetically. I felt beauty and true love. I realized how strong I was. Going through Hell like a brave soldier, taking the assault and spiritual violence \xe2\x80\x9crape\xe2\x80\x9d and enduring it as a cross to bare. Knowing only that I was good and I was in a realm of evil. Yet guided by my true love. Many hallucinations-auditory, tactile, olfactory, gustatory. Looking back I realize that I was lost in a world I didn\xe2\x80\x99t belong, that the higher powers had reached me and I was beginning the process of \xe2\x80\x98Waking Up\xe2\x80\x99. And that I was always a being of pure innocence and goodness. And that the evil world, or reality that I had been living in was torturing and giving me Hell because the last thing it wanted was for me to wake up.    ",,"British,",1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,unemplo,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
206,NDA,1474,34,,F,"As many people describe accidents, everything seemed to go in slow motion, and I watched. I found that instead of fear, I became very, very calm. I felt that I had no control over what was about to occur, and that was OK. I knew the severity of the situation would surely lead to my death. The feeling is indescribeable really. My past did not flash before me, instead, the only thing that came to me, other than the complete peace and acceptance, was the recurring thought that if I died that day, I would not be able to bring my daughter into the world. I was not pregnant at the time, nor trying to get pregnant. The only thing that mattered though was telling my husband that I loved him and that if I died, I would not be able to have my daughter. I was no longer fearful of death.    ",,USA citiz,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Lab wor,,marri,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
207,OBE,1532,42,,M,"As above there was no use of senses as we know them just an understanding that although I could not physically see, touch, smell, or hear anything I was yet able to know everything and that what I was experiencing was very real.    ",,UK and Au,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Interna,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
208,ADC,1232,24,,F," When I went to sleep, I found myself on summer porch at my grandparents house. The entire family was there (including my Grandpa and my Uncle Gary) and we were eating like we used to do on 4th of July weekends when I was very young. I was sitting next to my Grandpa and told him that we were going to miss him very much. He looked at me, smiled, and said that he was very proud of each of his children and that he wished hed told them. I told him Id pass on the message (and I did during his eulogy).    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
209,DEE,1332,54,,F,"See number 43 above. In addition, shortly before this event, I had been reading Alexanders book Proof of Heaven and remarking to myself how I met my husband in 2008, the year that Alexander had his NDE, and that my husband died on the very same day that Alexander was sent home from the hospital, but several years later.    ",,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",docto,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
210,ADC,1390,45,,F,    ,,US citize,"25,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Account,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
211,ME ,1156,63,,F,"I have been seeing crystal triangles for 13 years. There is no particular interval between. The triangles are very bright and should hurt my eyes but do not and are like the crystals from a rainbow maker only much more intense. They link to me and I feel some alteration within myself, like enhancing my awareness. Its difficult to do anything else when this happens. I heard nothing. Asked my husband to join me and put the triangles over his head. The triangles stay in the same place in my vision wherever I turn my head. My eyes are healthy and I only wear glasses for driving and very close work. They are tested regularly. The triangles lasted around 20 minutes and my husband saw only my aura which he said was silver. He could feel something but could not be specific. I sat in meditation and opened chakras. I feel that what I received was some affirmation that my spiritual pathway is on the right lines and my progress was moving forwards. I had a strong feeling to phone another medium and friend of the one who had gone to spirit. We had a long conversation and exchanged some useful information that each needed.    ",,British,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Some,Yoga Tu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
212,NDA,1339,36,,F,    ,,Australia,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,littl,"0 24,999",High,Home ma,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
213,DEE,1045,16,,F,"I was alone on the rooftop of my parents house in Martins Ferry Ohio. I snuck out at night to see my boyfriend. It was cold and snowing and there was lots of ice everywhere. I was climbing up the roof at about 5-6 am and my hand slipped and I was sliding down the roof. I remember distictly hearing my body slide down the roof. I didnt scream, there was no time. I was scared for a split second and then all of a sudden I was back up safe and sound holding onto the roof. I was sooo tired, I didnt even understand what had just happened to me. I was sooooo exhausted that I just went into the window and went to sleep. The next morning when I opened my eyes, I remember perfectly the awe, the deep breath that I took, knowing that something or someone had saved me from falling off the roof. I remember just being in a state of shock really! I would like to think that it was a guardian angel, but not sure, didnt see anything or anyone. To this day when I tell people about it, I get goosebumps and that feeling of awe is still in my center. It was an amazing experience!    ",,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
214,DEE,1457,23,,F,"I learned on that day, we dont know what is really going on around us. That when we die or close to dying profound things shift.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,I just,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
215,SDE,1063,42,,F,"After my siblings left the room, I turned around to see my Mom sitting a bit slumped on the bed. She lifted her head and looked at me through the eyes of her mother, Clara, with whom I had spent many years of my life living with and loving.  I was so certain of this and did not question it in my mind but it shocked me to the core so that I could only stand still and stare at her in wonderment.  The moment soon passed and I continued to feel wonderment and immense relief that my grandmother had come to be with my mom during her last days on earth and lead her to heaven.  My only regret that still brings me distress is that I was immobile the instant I experienced this transformation and I did not rush over to give her a hug, or speak my love and welcome, but instead could only stand frozen in shock. It took me several hours to process what I had witnessed.    ",,Citizen U,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"100,000+",High,Custome,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
216,OBE,1259,30,,F,"This sense of Oneness remained with me so tangibly and ther4e was a sense of Presence which lasted for many months. I used to wake up in the morning and my first thought was Is it still there?. I didnt see phenomena outside myself, it was a sense of Pure Being. It was as if a portion of my brain/mind had died or been forgotten and a new holistic awareness was now able to answer every question I had. I was drawn to classical music, especially Beethoven, and I bought Shakespeares works and felt I understood it all even though I had no interest before. This all began to happen 36 years ago and now its all a distant memory. But I KNOW God exists and that existence manifests as Love including Law.     ",,German,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
217,ADC,1232,24,,F," When I went to sleep, I found myself on summer porch at my grandparents house. The entire family was there (including my Grandpa and my Uncle Gary) and we were eating like we used to do on 4th of July weekends when I was very young. I was sitting next to my Grandpa and told him that we were going to miss him very much. He looked at me, smiled, and said that he was very proud of each of his children and that he wished hed told them. I told him Id pass on the message (and I did during his eulogy).    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
218,ME ,1504,45,,M," I was thinking over and over .  So, all I have to do is ask for help and you will help? After thinking about this for a few minutes . .. What happened is hard to explain . All I know is that I had closed my eyes and when I opened them all of the insanity was gone. The anger ,hatred for others ,resentment etc was completely gone. Everything I saw was somehow brighter and beautiful. Including the rusty mail box I was parked next to.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",High,Letter,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
219,NDE,1416,75,,M,After going to hospital and waiting in the emergency room for several hours they finally let me back into the emergency room. The nurse typing on her computer said well Mr. Snyder it is not a stroke or a heart attack. We think she will be fine. I turned to give my wife a cheer and she was staring into space. She never said a word or changed expression with eyes wide open. No reflects of and kind when I grabbed her hand and held it. They called neurologist after about and hour and he said he thought she had a brain stem stroke. We sat and watched her systems shut down and after arriving at 10:30 at night she passed at 8:30 the next morning. No words were ever spoken than I am going home and do not take me to hospital. Do you think she had a vision that she was going home. Or in my view she was going to heaven. After reading Dr. Alexanders book Proof of Heaven    ,,Citizen U,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",docto,College,,marri,widow,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
220,OBE,1039,16,,F,"as described above. I was in the room, hovering, saw the room, floated above body for 2 minutes, crying out in prayer for help. was entirely amazed that the lords prayer did not work.  This proved to me that I did not believe love was stronger than fear. I had been taught too much about hell and that even though I was saved I was not truly spiritually whole. I was a mess. And went into a deep depression.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,highsch,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
221,ADC,1385,37,,F,"    After closing the front door shut, I looked up to see this very sad look on my Daughters face, she was crying. I didnt think for one minute she was dead. I told her to come down off the stairs and she just looked at me blankly, pleadingly. That look will haunt me all my life. It was then I noticed my dressing gown belt, which was made of a silk like material around her neck. Reflecting back on this, I realise now that the stitches had broken so this had stretched giving the illusion, Tracey was standing on the stairs, leaning against the wall.    Thinking she was unconscious but alive, I realised by locking the door, I had locked out any chance of help from neighbours. I asked my little girl to go in the kitchen and get a chair. Put it near the bench and stand on it. On the top of the cabinets above, there are some scissors, bring them to me?    Bless her, she done everything asked of her while I held Tracey from her own weight. My little boy cried and cried and cried in a panic and was too young to understand the urgency what was going on around him other than he knew there was something very wrong.     I cut my Daughter free, called 999 then started Life saving techniques. I did have the support of the emergency service by phone. Although the ambulance service is a five minute journey to my home, I found out later there was a mix-up as the houses were within the first six months of building and the postcode had not gone on the register.     Thirty five minutes later, with a two year old still screaming and a five year old who thought there was blood on her sisters neck when actually was the marks like rubber bands make if you leave them a while around your wrist.     This was so traumatic for everyone who knew her. I also has two other children to consider. One aged thirteen who my now dead Daughter was very close to and my eldest Daughter, who was married and living in army quarters of Germany    Without my other children, I would not be here today. They gave me a reason to go on. They had suffered enough. My Daughter was pronounced dead when the ambulance eventually arrived.    ",,Full UK r,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Student,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
222,ADC,1530,42,,F,Please see answer question 8    ,,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Directo,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
223,NDE,1487,30,,M,    ,,  Colombi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,  fine,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
224,OBE,1217,30,,F,see above    ,,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Marriot,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
225,ME ,1242,40,,M,see #8 above. It is easier to verbally describe than to type you a message.    ,,citizen U,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,    Q.,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
226,DEE,1272,64,,F,"Hank and I vacationed every June at a resort in Lenox, Massachusetts. It was a week-long event that offered workshops to the many people who returned year after year.  For four years I gave a workshop called Conversations About God. This open forum invited people to talk about how they felt about God and about their spiritual experiences. It was not about religion, only God. We talked about the signs we received from God and about miracles we saw or heard in our personal lives. My goal for this workshop was for us to get close to God and to connect with each other. On Friday, June 26, 2009 at 1:45pm, I went to a room to conduct my workshop which was to start at 2:00. I was standing by the rooms door waiting to greet people as they arrived. A man walked up to me. He was a large man, about 62. He had white hair nicely styled...bald on top, longish on the bottom. He wore a geometric-designed tent garment that covered him from neck to knee. His face was clean-shaven with pink shiny cheeks. He had this powerful and pleasant look on his face. But I was struck by his face because it was glowing. There was an unmistakable glow coming from his face, as if a light was on inside his head. I could see that the glow was of a spiritual nature. I couldnt stop staring at his face and its glow. I asked this man if he was a minister. I was wondering if he was coming to my workshop for personal or professional reasons. He was friendly and said that he wasnt a minister but that he came for personal reasons. We chatted lightly while waiting for the rest of the people. Normally about 20-25 people came to my workshop but it was 2:00 and no one else showed up. We went inside and I set up chairs in a circle. One other man came. He was a regular participant who lived in Boston. We were friendly and teased each other because he was a Red Sox fan and I was a Yankees fan. By 2:10 I could see no one else was coming. I thought it was strange. Not even my husband Hank came that day and he came to all my other workshops. This man and I immediately locked into each other, talking. I dont really remember all that we talked about. That part of the conversation was blocked from my mind. The Boston man tried to talk with us but we totally ignored him, though not with malice, so he got up and left. The man and I continued our conversation. Then this stranger said to me, Youre an E.T. Master. I looked at him for a long while. I took him seriously, thats the strange part. Whats an E.T.? I was scared to ask this question because I kind of knew what ET meant and I was afraid to hear him say those words. He paused, staring at me, You know, an extraterrestrial. My spirit and my eyes were locked with his spirit and his eyes. Oh, I think I said. Im an Angel, he matter-of-factly said to me. I believed him. I believed everything he was telling me. I wasnt afraid of him and I didnt think he was crazy. I trusted and totally believed this total stranger. Thats whats so strange. I didnt even want to come up here, he said. I have work to do and a wife and children back home in Texas. I wasnt even planning to come to your workshop. I was sleeping but a loud noise woke me up so I looked on the agenda to see what workshops were scheduled. I saw your workshop and decided to come. Now I know I was sent here to see you. Whats your name? I asked. You can call me Fred. What work do you do? Im a CPA. What am I supposed to do? What are you saying to me? I dont understand. Are there books I should read? He looked away from me and said: You will be meeting people. They will show you the way. I dont remember what else we talked about in the one to two hours we talked. But I do remember that I was spiritually locked into him, like I was spiritually locked into the glow and cross and the ghost. He got up to leave and said goodbye. I said goodbye but I didnt get up. I couldnt get up. I was just sitting there, numb-like, just staring ahead. He stopped and turned around, Are you okay? Yes, Im okay, was all I could say. I sat alone in the room not really thinking about anything. Then I returned to Hank, told him a little bit about my unusual workshop but I didnt tell him then what Fred said to me. Later that night I saw Fred one more time at a dance our event put on. As soon as I saw him I went over to give him a big hug and a kiss on the cheek and I said thank you. He smiled. He didnt say anything, though. We parted and I went back to Hank and we danced the night away. I remember looking for Fred in the dance room but I never saw him again. I regret not knowing his last name or not asking for his contact information. I tried to find out more about him so I could contact him but the organizers of the event couldnt help me without a last name. When the event was over, my husband and I returned home and I waited for these people I was su",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
227,ADC,1198,51,,F,"I found myself sitting alone in a row of seats in front of another row of seats where Sharon sat behind me to the left. I looked back at her and saw her cutting off her beautiful hair, taking handfuls and just cutting. Then she began pulling at it in an anguished way, hacking away, and then began pulling at the skin on her face. The next moment we were standing hugging each other with such complete and total, unconditional love,rocking back and forth, seeing such love in her eyes, feeling incredible love beaming into me from her, I was weeping with joy knowing she was alright, that she was happy, in a good place. I woke myself up weeping with joy and grief and gratitude all at the same time, and I knew she had come to let me know she was alright, in a place of great love. I am weeping now as I write this because I now know where she is. I know. Where my sisters went.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,none,"0 24,999",High,artist,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
228,NDA,1306,30,,F,I broke down in tears and had an overwhelming sense that I was where I needed to be and that everything was finally going to be okay.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",some,Tattoo,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
229,DEE,1369,50,,F,"At the age of 50, I had an experience that transformed my life. I had been working with a tool in a secluded area of my home. I left the room for a few minutes, but when I returned, the tool had \xe2\x80\x9cvanished\xe2\x80\x9d and was never seen again. After exhausting every possible explanation for the disappearance, I felt my world falling apart. For the next few days, all I could do was to walk round and round the house in the hope that somehow the tool would mysteriously reappear. The experience was like being thrown into an alien universe, where all the laws of the only universe I had ever known had ceased to exist \xe2\x80\x93 it was like living in a world without gravity. When I eventually regained my composure, I began thinking of ways to solve the mystery. I had heard that the CIA uses psychics, so I made an appointment with one of these people in my area. Although he could not see what had happened to the tool, the psychic indicated that a being on the other side wanted to communicate with me. He described her as wearing a nurse\xe2\x80\x99s uniform and giving her first name as Edith. He could not understand her surname, but he thought it started with a C or a K. When I suggested \xe2\x80\x9cEdith Cavell\xe2\x80\x9d, he told me that was correct. (He had obviously never heard of the remarkable English nurse). Through the psychic, Edith accurately described a pendant I owned. She said I should hold it completely still and then ask her a question. If the answer was \xe2\x80\x98yes\xe2\x80\x99, the pendant would move one way; if the answer was \xe2\x80\x98no\xe2\x80\x99, it would move another way. Being of a sceptical disposition, I did not believe that something I owned could ever move of its own accord. But on arriving home, I did what Edith had suggested and to my absolute astonishment, the pendant moved as she had indicated \xe2\x80\x93 either vertically or horizontally. After a new months of fruitful yes/no communication, I asked Edith a question one day, but instead of its usual movements, the pendant swung around in a circle. Eventually I discovered that a circle indicated the need to rephrase the question. Not long after that, Edith changed her mode of communication to one where she caused my hand to move in different directions. Then one day I asked a question, but there was no response. It turned out that Edith was handing me over to someone else. The only way I could ascertain the name of this being was to go through the alphabet. I found it almost impossible to believe that the name of the new guide I was being given was Aristotle. I was in such a state of anxiety that I contacted a renowned psychic without giving him any information about myself. At the consultation he told me he was being given a vision of philosophers in Ancient Greece. This gave me reassurance that I was not losing my mind. Aristotle told me that I should apply to do a PhD in philosophy, and that I should do a lot of background reading. To this day I have never been to a philosophy lecture \xe2\x80\x93 let alone studied in the field. When I eventually rang the Professor I had chosen, he \xe2\x80\x9cforgot\xe2\x80\x9d to ask me about the previous work I had done in philosophy.  After being accepted by the University, I began a difficult journey, but I had a wonderful supervisor who carried me through. At one point Aristotle said I would need to use a concept by the very early philosopher, Anaximander. Of course I had never heard of this thinker, but I used his concept to unite the various ideas I was presenting. Later on, Aristotle handed me over to the modern French philosopher, Jacques Derrida. By this time I had become used to the miraculous, which was just as well, because I found Jacques\xe2\x80\x99 writing difficult to grasp. In the end, thanks to all the help I was given from the other side, the two examiners I had described my dissertation as \xe2\x80\x9coutstanding\xe2\x80\x9d. (It is titled \xe2\x80\x9cHeidegger and the mystery of being\xe2\x80\x9d and is on the web). Among other things it addresses the question of mysticism, and I am now interested in relating mystical experiences to the idea of the divine. From what I have read in Dr. Alexander\xe2\x80\x99s book, and from my own experience, it seems difficult to conceive of God as an all-powerful being who sends people to hell if they don\xe2\x80\x99t repent. The evidence seems to be overwhelming that the whole of the universe is love.     ",,Australia,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",docto,church,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
230,DEE,1511,34,,M,Please see enclosed attachment for full story    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,I worke,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
231,DEE,1152,24,,F,In seeing the color I remember not being able to look away from it because it wasnt anything I had ever seen before and I remember it being so beautiful and bright. It wasnt a shade or combination of any colors that we know of here on earth. It was something I cant describe and I dont even remember what it looks like now I just know that i saw it. In being shown what happens after death I remember some sort of being that was present and showing me and that it didnt seem to have a gender. I was to understand that I would not remember anything upon waking and I understood this as I was aware that I was dreaming in the dream as I was when shown the non existent color. What I was shown gave me the most intense feeling of love and made everything I knew that was stressful and upsetting seem so insignificant. I was left with the clarity that there is so much that we as humans are not to understand or know yet. The feeling was so intense that when I woke up I had tears streaming down my face and a tear soaked pillow. I felt warm and fuzzy and completely at ease.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,moder,very st,"25,000 49",some,Nurses,,single,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
232,ME ,1355,64,,F,"there was an orange and red and very bright light surrounding me and sort of inside me. I felt extremely powerful intense love and acceptance, so intense it hurt. I started to cry and couldnt stop.    ",,us    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,retired,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
233,DEE,1350,14,,M,"As I looked I saw 3 beings in hooded robes similar to those worn by Jedi knights or monks. I saw no faces on these beings, and they stood there looking at me and I at them. They walked by me and through the wall leaving down the street. Nothing was said, but at 14 years old I knew I did not want the incredible sense of peace to leave me. I chased after these beings down the street in my underwear. They moved simultaneously as one. They just seemed to have disappeared.    ",,US Citize,"100,00",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,dail,dail,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,None,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
234,ME ,1211,51,,F,"I was SO comforted, both at the time and later when I found his body. I knew he was loved and safe and free from the struggles of his life here. I learned that there was no judgment of Steve for his life that, from a human perspective, would be considered wasted. The feelings, the awareness, took me far beyond the teachings of my legalistic religious childhood.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Masters,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
235,ADC,1141,55,,F,"It happened during the night while I was dreaming. I will never forget it. I told everyone that I knew who would be open to receiving this experience. I remember sitting at a rectangular table. I was at the end. There were three men,I could feel Love and familiarity, The first man filed in front of me the other men I only saw there heads but again I felt I knew them there essence not seeing their faces. I was looking at a man he was young about 30 years old.He was wearing a pink pinstriped shirt,grey hair and handsome. I was crying I held my hands up to my cheeks and was resting there. I said Forgive my for crying but you look just like my DAD!. Not a word was spoken by the team of men. I woke up!    ",,Born and,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Junio,Healing,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
236,NDA,1285,36,,M,"Once I realized that I was disoriented and air supply finally depleted, I surrendered to lose my life. I felt a sudden peace that I cannot explain in words. I did not have a NDE but felt a warming sensation (though water temp was about 40 degrees F)and I was aware of a loving presence that was just beyond a veil Keep in mind that visibility was minus zero so all these sensations were permeating, nothing visual at all...I can only compare them to a force like a magnet pulling on a ferrous object              ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,busines,,divor,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
237,NDA,1380,59,,F,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
238,DEE,1045,16,,F,"I was alone on the rooftop of my parents house in Martins Ferry Ohio. I snuck out at night to see my boyfriend. It was cold and snowing and there was lots of ice everywhere. I was climbing up the roof at about 5-6 am and my hand slipped and I was sliding down the roof. I remember distictly hearing my body slide down the roof. I didnt scream, there was no time. I was scared for a split second and then all of a sudden I was back up safe and sound holding onto the roof. I was sooo tired, I didnt even understand what had just happened to me. I was sooooo exhausted that I just went into the window and went to sleep. The next morning when I opened my eyes, I remember perfectly the awe, the deep breath that I took, knowing that something or someone had saved me from falling off the roof. I remember just being in a state of shock really! I would like to think that it was a guardian angel, but not sure, didnt see anything or anyone. To this day when I tell people about it, I get goosebumps and that feeling of awe is still in my center. It was an amazing experience!    ",,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
239,SDE,1403,38,,F,"The spinning light was like a DNA strand, the texture was soft and smooth like milk, it was slowly spinning in space, everytime i closed my eyes I saw this the day before they unplugged her life support.    ",,usa citiz,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Buddhist,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,massage,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
240,NDA,1306,30,,F,I broke down in tears and had an overwhelming sense that I was where I needed to be and that everything was finally going to be okay.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",some,Tattoo,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
241,ADC,1105,66,,F,"So, it was the end of the day with the sun sinking and I wanted to complete the painting which was not going well. I thought to take a break , see if on my return, the answer would be apparent. So I left the studio, walked across the deck and into my house. From the bedroom, I stepped into the long hall which leads to the kitchen and as I did so, I was shocked and awed to see my husband with outstretched arms, grinning from ear to ear and wearing cutoffs. He was striding toward me with great enthusiasm. I was just dumbstruck! He must have taken three steps toward me when I bent forward, covered my face with my hands and called out, Dana, Dana! When I looked up, he was gone.  I learned that we are eternal. That my husband was gifting me with comfort and consolation.    ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
242,NDE,1140,25,,F,"Consumed with utter terror, my headlight showed the tops of large trees coming at me, way down below. I knew I was going to die. Right before I hit the forest canopy below, my consciousness totally shifted. Suddenly I felt total euphoria as I watched thousands of peoples faces fly through my consciousness...people I had encountered in my life. Then I was made aware that a male figure was showing me these things...showing me how beautiful my life had been. Communicating in a perfect, telepathic way, he showed me things about the world, such as a map of lights that looked like the U.S. at night from a plane. I understood that each light represented one person and the color denoted their state of happiness or unhappiness. He then tilted this map up so I could see it from the side, revealing that it was actually TWO maps that appeared as one when seen from above...one layer of spiritual beings on top interacting with the people down on Earth! I was consumed with the beauty of this. He then told me I had to go back, that I needed to stop being so shy and start opening myself up to people. I couldnt go back until I completed this. I did not want to return to Earth...I felt totally loved and welcomed back (it all was familiar...I even knew this figure!). The figure was male, pale, bald, and wore some kind of dark cloak. I knew him and loved him...it was so good to see him again and he me!! There were other figures doing things in the background. I learned that interactions with others are of tantamount importance in life here on Earth...even brief ones like the cashier at a store. I also was shown the extreme beauty of my life!!! We are of love, we must be open to offering love to each other. Oh-and there is no coincidence. Everything unfolds as its meant to.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Art Stu,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
243,ADC,1105,66,,F,"So, it was the end of the day with the sun sinking and I wanted to complete the painting which was not going well. I thought to take a break , see if on my return, the answer would be apparent. So I left the studio, walked across the deck and into my house. From the bedroom, I stepped into the long hall which leads to the kitchen and as I did so, I was shocked and awed to see my husband with outstretched arms, grinning from ear to ear and wearing cutoffs. He was striding toward me with great enthusiasm. I was just dumbstruck! He must have taken three steps toward me when I bent forward, covered my face with my hands and called out, Dana, Dana! When I looked up, he was gone.  I learned that we are eternal. That my husband was gifting me with comfort and consolation.    ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
244,ADC,1085,58,,M,"I fell asleep right away and slept soundly, something I wasnt used to. During my sleep it became light and my dad was right in front of me. He was smiling and told me the answer to my prayers in a way only dad would answer... Charlie, in order to succeed you have to be committed. It was crystal clear that it was him and the message he delivered was meant to reveal the two paths I had to choose from... To be committed to my work or be committed to the Psych ward. I felt such joy as I have ever felt with the surity that the encounter was real and that he knew that I would understand that he is watching over me; that being committed to my work meant being committed to my life. I think of him now when things get a little rough and look forward to seeing him on the othe3r side.    ",,us citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
245,OBE,1064,41,,F,"The dream I experienced is very difficult to put into word-- it felt more like an out of body experience. I was flying through the air with my Mom and another unseen presence was also along with us as we were flying over what seemed to be Utopia--a lush, green landscape, over waterfalls and tropical flowers--it was so breathtaking it overwhelmed my visual senses. More importantly is what we both seemed to be feeling during this extreme adventure--indescribable joy, wonder, happiness, laughter, totally carefree and with pure love totally surrounding us. After I awoke and recalled the dream in vivid detail I came to the conclusion that the unseen presence I experienced was God. This dream continues to comfort and reassure me that even though I would learn bad news the next day--my Mom did pass 18 months later-- I have a very special and believable preview of being reunited with her in heaven. I know we will meet again in a place where there is no pain or suffering; only unconditional love.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",High,Custome,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
246,ME ,1560,38,,F,"So what does a person who has been through such an experience do \xe2\x80\x98after\xe2\x80\x99, in this material world that was seen to be non-existent? Well, one waits. One observes. One notices and surrenders those attachments and aversions as they arise \xe2\x80\x93 because it is those attachments and aversions that keep consciousness located in a body. One learns to sit through the seemingly tough bits without labeling, without \xe2\x80\x9cmaking\xe2\x80\x9d the energy into \xe2\x80\x9cthings\xe2\x80\x9d until the discomfort dissipates of its own accord. And when one is truly ready to go through \xe2\x80\x9cthe final doorway\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x93 it would seem that one simply agrees, and lets go.    ",,Canadian,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Writer,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
247,ME ,1325,15,,F,"THIS IS THE OPENING PARAGRAPH OF A BOOK IM WRITING: I was going on fifteen when the Creator of the universe decided to zap me, at a junior high Bible study I\xe2\x80\x99d gone to for purely social reasons. (I\xe2\x80\x99d known I was gay for about a year, but\xe2\x80\x94happily\xe2\x80\x94the process of chasing girls wasn\xe2\x80\x99t really any different from what most of my friends were doing to chase boys.) After a half hour or so of chips and dip, Hawaiian Punch, and awkward attempts to impress our newfound objects of desire, we giggly adolescents settled down in our classmate\xe2\x80\x99s living room, and the Presbyterian minister began a simple talk about the parable of the sower. A few minutes into it, suddenly a huge presence\xe2\x80\x94way too big and powerful to be a product of my imagination\xe2\x80\x94was lifting me up and showing me, in a blinding flash of light and truth, that everything on Earth was contained within a sort of giant aquarium, which was itself part of a larger world where everything was filled with love and light. Suspended, just for an instant, above the sofas and chairs and paintings, I knew everything was going to be OK, and that nothing earthly was really very important in itself, due to the planet\xe2\x80\x99s position as a world within a larger world. A minute or two later, I tuned back in to the minister\xe2\x80\x99s talk, and he was on the last category of the sower\xe2\x80\x99s seed, that which fell on the good soil and yielded a hundredfold crop. This made my brain feel like it was going to explode with joy.     ",,US citize,"100,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",docto,ninth g,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
248,ADC,1271,58,,F,"During the homily, the priest tells a story about an elderly couple who lived in Arlington Heights, Il. and were going to the race track. (My sister often took my mom with her to this very race track.) He goes on to say that the old man went into the bedroom, reached under the bed and took out a tin can, reached in and pulled out a $2 bill!! I felt elated! I was so excited I couldnt hardly contain myself. I immediately turned to my husband and quickly tried to tell him what had just happened. Following the Mass, I told everyone who would listen. I definitely approached the priest at the reception and told him that he was totally used that day and how he delivered the message to me.    ",,U.S. citi,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Paraleg,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
249,ME ,1323,20,,F,My initial comments before this form say it all: Being bathed in a type of light / lightness that enveloped me with joy and peace. I have that same feeling come over me each time I engage in speaking in tongues.    ,,U.S.    Q,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
250,ME ,1103,20,,M,"As I stood there crying and asking God why he would put me through this I heard a voice. It was not exactly audible, but I heard it in my mind as though it was audible. The statement was very short and concise: You are not alone. That was all. It wasnt booming. It didnt have attending angels or visions, only that one sentence. And yet the reality of it stuck with me. It was not like it hit home or bowled me over. It was just .... true. And nothing else. My grief didnt end, my situation didnt change. The heartbreak continued for months afterwards. However, it made a mark in me that I could not ignore. It is almost as if I could never be naive again about being alone. I shook my fist and cursed God sometimes, but I have never, since that day, believed I was alone. Oh, I am sometimes lonely, but thats situational. I never believe Im alone.    ",,Natural c,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
251,ME ,1311,61,,F,"In September 2006, Hank showed me a story and picture in our local New York newspaper, The Journal News, of the current Pope Benedict making a personal, nonofficial, visit to see the Veil of Veronica in Italy. Yes, the cloth that Jesus used to wipe his face and miraculously imprint his face on during the walk to his death is actually framed and protected by the Capuchin Monastery in Manoppello, Italy today. The Popes visit took place on September 1, 2006, the 500th Anniversary of the cloth being in this monastery. I was immediately drawn to this story. After reading and researching it in Wikipedia, an official Catholic newspaper, etc., I had a Knowing that this picture was truly Jesuss face. I have His face all over my home, in my car, in my wallet and I give out this picture to whoever wants it. You can see Jesuss face for yourself. Ive uploaded a picture of who I believe is Jesus. You can also see his face and the story in a Google search of: Holy Face of Manoppello. Youll see a close-up, brass-colored picture of a mans face with bruises on it and his nose looks broken. His mouth is slightly open, revealing his teeth. Six years later, I still believe 100% that this is the face of Jesus.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
252,ME ,1501,57,,F,"What I learned was that I can truly trust my intuition and feelings. If something doesnt feel right, it isnt.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Retired,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
253,NDA,1380,59,,F,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
254,OBE,1040,22,,F,"See above. Disillusioned, afraid, saw two young men, heard nothing. Thought... do I know you?    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
255,ME ,1073,46,,M,As described above    ,,US Citize,1 mill,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",Did not,Both be,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
256,NDA,1245,37,,F,"It was beautiful, calm and peaceful. I felt at peace with the death of a 21 year old woman my sense was that she was leaving earth only, but only to go elsewhere.     ",,US Citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,Executi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
257,ME ,1494,41,,F,"I was extremely relaxed and focussed on the tree I was drawing. I looked up and viewed the scene beyond my tree very large weeping willow trees in the distance, flowers and plants in front of them. The willow trees were gently blowing in the breeze. I just suddenly experienced this intense awareness/knowledge/feeling that everything in the universe was part of one whole, that everything was connected to everything else, and that everything was just the way it was supposed to be. It is very difficult to put this into words. It wasnt an awareness that dawned on me slowly. It occurred instantly, and in that moment of insight, I understood that everything in the universe was as it should be, and that everything was alright. I felt intense peace and in awe of G-ds majesty. I call this my G-d moment. It only lasted a few moments, seconds. But it left me feeling more peaceful than at any other time in my life.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,littl,"100,000+",docto,Dentist,,divor,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
258,ADC,1185,45,,F,"To continue, after I went back to sleep, I had a dream which I consider an after death communication as it was very powerful to me anyway. In my dream, the brother of my loved one who died in May 2012 came to me in my dream. The brother of my loved one is also deceased and he died in 2003. In the dream it was just my loved ones brother and me. In the dream, I asked him, Wheres Bob? The brother said, What you want is overwhelming for him. We just looked at each other for a moment after that. In the dream, I felt a little confused. But I reached to hug my loved ones brother and said, Hugging you is like hugging Bob. Then we hugged and after that he dissapeared and the dream was over.  After I woke up, I remembered the dream very clearly. But, just like I was confused in the dream, I was confused when I first woke up. I thought to myself, What does he mean that what I want is overwhelming for Bob? Then I remembered that I had asked for the sign in the form of a particular song. I was stunned.  It was like my loved one sent his brother to tell me he couldnt give me that particular sign because it was too overwhelming. And to this day, though I have received many signs from my loved one, I never have heard this song playing anywhere! I guess it really is overwhelming! Anyway, it was so amazing to get that kind of answer so quickly. I truly feel I was having 2 way communication with the spirit of my loved ones brother.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Researc,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
259,ADC,1080,45,,F,The woman had just had a reading from the psychic and was complaining that the psychic had not communicated with the womans father who had died recently and she was disappointed. Even though I had been psychic myself for many years I didnt event think it was possible for a psychic to communicate with those who had passed. Immediately after I had that thought I saw the womans father standing next to her. He looked at me smiling and told me telepathically that he loved his daughter and would always be with her. He had one hand on her shoulder and the other on her hands which were folded in her lap.    ,,Citizen,1 mill,atheist,atheist,Jewish,Unaffilia,,,never,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,Marriag,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
260,ADC,1144,57,,M,"Now, I must say that it is not completely uncommon to see deer in our yard although, for whatever reason, I hadnt seen any for a few months. I work from home and have a large window next to my desk that looks out over our back yard. I asked Christine to send deer because I felt it would be solid confirmation if, on the very day I asked to see deer, it actually happened. Unfortunately, on this particular day I was so consumed with work that I dont even remember looking out my window. By the time I realized it was already dark outside, I also realized I never saw any deer. I was terribly disappointed with myself that I hadnt come up for air all day. Did Christine send the deer and I missed the signal to look up and out the window? Or did she not hear my plea? Maybe Im making this all up after all. I have been working on my computer moving very large files around and so before going upstairs for dinner with my wife (Christines mom), I begin a disk compression operation that takes a significant amount of time. I click the start button and go to dinner.  After dinner I came back downstairs to see the progress for my disk compression. Its going very slowly. To pass some time I start poking around on one of the other hard drives to see whats on it. I come across an obscurely named folder I havent seen for a while called My Pictures (GoFlex1TB)\\Canon60D NotSaved. As I click through the various subfolders, I randomly stop at one called 118CANON with several pictures. I cant really tell what they are from the thumbnails so I click on the one named IMG7578.JPG. When the photo opens in full-screen, I about fall out of my chair ... its a photograph that I took from my office window ... of a deer not 10 yards away! ... right outside my office window! ... just like I asked Christine! And not only that but when I look at the date it was taken, I realize I took it (and this completely blew me away) ... I took the photograph exactly one year ago ... to the day!  To ... the ... day!  So I still hadnt seen deer outside my window in months ... at least not by looking out my window! But Christine found a way ... in that mischievous way of hers ... to answer my request. The very next morning, as I am taking a sip of coffee, staring out the window, getting ready to start my day and thinking about the beautiful gift Christine gave to me the night before ... I suddenly see a deer streak from the woods running right-to-left across the yard ... right outside my office window! Wow! ... All I can say is Wow!    ",,U.S. Citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Senior,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
261,ME ,1314,33,,M,"I awake to nothing. No body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space: no near, no far, no light or dark. No heat, no cold. No emotion: no joy, no fear. Just calm awareness in a gray void.  A moment / eternity passes. Light! A brilliant sun! And with it, darkness: the fullness of empty space. A small human figure stands in silhouette. My consciousness shifts. I become the figure; a human body standing in space before a radiant globe. I feel! I am bathed in intense light and heat; light and heat so intense that if I were in a physical form I would be vaporized. I am engulfed by boundless, infinite energy; overwhelming energy. Another shift in perception: energy becomes love. Energy and love are the same. Energy is love. I am embraced and cradled: infolded by a boundless field of energy/love, love which is personal yet vast beyond comprehension. I am seen; seen through. The barriers and masks that we construct to present an idealized persona to the world are blown away. Though the experience is veiled to me I perceive that my life in its naked reality is being lived and fully comprehended by a conscious presence. There is no judgment. My being with all its shortcomings, failures, and rough edges is unconditionally accepted, loved, and cherished.  I become aware that what had first appeared like a sun is un-like anything from ordinary reality. I am in the presence of a radiant, fluid luminosity. An amalgam of water and light is the best approximation I can think of. The sense of being before a conscious presence intensifies.  My mind buzzes with the desire to hold It, to explain and contain It with my thought. The more I grasp, however, the more It slips away. It cannot be grasped or named. I give up, let go, and allow myself to simply rest with It. With this shift from desire/grasping to acceptance I am permeated by light. In a blaze, the dark husk of my body flakes away. I become light. I am one with the light. I am the light, a fluid, radiant luminosity. I have no body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space. I am calm awareness in a radiantly luminous field of joyfully dancing light.  A moment / eternity passes. I find myself with a luminous body. A thought is expressed without words: approach your live with joy and gratitude; compassion and acceptance. A cosmic chuckle: clear-eyed and hard-nosed. I am laughed at/with. \xe2\x80\x9cDon\xe2\x80\x99t take your self so seriously\xe2\x80\x9d rings in my mind. As I turn from the light a frigorific presence rushes from behind and past my left ear. It is a transparent nothingness consuming all energy in its path. It radiates a cold animus and an implacable will to be separate; to differentiate. As it rushes past an iron darkness warps around me. It fuses to me and I become dark and solid. I awake to an ordinary day.     ",,American,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Archite,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
262,PLR,1199,37,,M,"When I looked at the map, it took me to India. Now, it is important to know that I had NEVER studied anything about India or its culture up to this point, even though I have always cooked with their spices, been attracted to their clothing, and always felt drawn to learning Ayurveda.  On the map of India, it drew me to an area called Gujarat (again, I had never heard of this place, but when I googled it, it was exactly where I was shown on the map). Making things more interesting, one of my spirit guides is named Ajwa, and there are streets and parks in Gujarat named Ajwa.  The next thing I knew, I was mentally whisked to a beautiful area, and to a house where I lived with my mother and father. At first it was nice and peaceful and I felt at home. I was female and in brightly colored clothes that I loved. I remember the area was so green and lush. My mother and father there were my brother and wife in this life. This was the mid 1800s, and the British military were there.  They came in the night and took my mother away to rape and kill her. I remember the panic I felt knowing I would never see her again. What is really interesting is that prior to this event, I was always terrified of my wife getting kidnapped and killed. Since this event, I have no fear because I know it is left over from India. Anyway, the English soldiers came back the next day and burned our village. I was raped and my nipples cut off. I remember being held down in one of the buildings, like a stable, as others looked on. Interestingly, I have a birthmark under one of my nipples, and I have always hated having them touched. I was then killed...    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Chiropr,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
263,NDE,1509,57,,M,"I awaken to the most beautiful music, but it is so much more than music. It is not just sound, it is everything. Blue is a pronounced theme, but it is so much more than that. There are other colours, yet no darkness, no shadows. The source of the music is a person whose features I cannot see yet somehow know that she is creating the musical accompaniment to this experience. She is the most perfect Phantom of the Opera organist. The sound/music emanates from everywhere, yet I see it as notes floating from a pipe organ, but it is not a pipe organ. It is so much more. I know that she is my sister, yet I dont recognize her. I know that everything is as it should be. There is no time to the experience. It is not like an event that can be measured in minutes, hours, days or years; it simply IS. There is an OBE amidst all of this, which I think has its own area within this questionnaire.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
264,ME ,1330,20,,F,"I felt a large, strong beam of love enter my head from above. It traveled down to my chest and then flowed out of my body, touching and loving all people I came in contact with, including myself. It was palpable, like it had a physical quality to it and was completely unconditional and in a way impersonal. Love for me, for others. Love through me. Divine love for all. At the same time I heard a voice in my head explaining things to me. ( I had been very confused and unhappy in my life before traveling). It was saying things like: this happened because of this, this you learned here, this builds on that and on and on and on. I saw my life, which had been a string of failures, in a clear straight line, one experience building upon another. I had a vision of standing on a mountain and having 360degree vision, understanding not just my life, but everything. Everything made sense, everything was clear and simple. I knew I would not stay there, but it was ok. I also had a feeling of something trying to jump out of my chest, like my spirit body being sucked at from the outside. I thought if this experience comes on one drop stronger, my soul is going to escape my body and thats the end. But it didnt.All the time I had a feeling of complete euphoria. It was a very high energy state and I could hardly sleep during the 7 days and nights that it lasted.    ",,British s,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,Recepti,,single,separ,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
265,ME ,1488,49,,M,"God told me his son died for my sin--honor him. My sins were forgiven. He told me he created me and would one day reclaim me--trust him. I agonized, but submitted. Immediately I heard angels singing; the air smelled sweet. I looked out the window and I could see the molecular structure of everything that was alive. I was weightless. The most astonishing sensation was a feeling of love I had never had before. I couldnt define it or attach words to it and I really didnt want to because I didnt want to tarnish something so pure by putting it in a box.    ",,us citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
266,ME ,1478,46,,M,"This life changing event happened to me the latter part of October 2004  For many years I\xe2\x80\x99d been searching for a closer walk with God and financial success. My library of books and tapes are very extensive. I have read many books over twice and listened to tapes and CD\xe2\x80\x99s over and over and over again. I\xe2\x80\x99d started this learning process about 5 years ago and for the last three years I\xe2\x80\x99ve gotten very serious about it. So much so that I don\xe2\x80\x99t read the paper, I don\xe2\x80\x99t watch the news on TV and my TV time is limited to almost nothing. I\xe2\x80\x99ve rented about 5 movies in the last five years. No movie theaters and I\xe2\x80\x99d recently turned off the car radio of any type of media or learning material and just thought positive thoughts while driving. The books that I read are the Bible, books on how our minds work, books on Personal Development and Spirituality. However I really didn\xe2\x80\x99t actually believe that the Spirit world existed So one day I have no Idea how I got there but I\xe2\x80\x99m on the website of a well known Success coach and trainer. On her site an interesting book catches my eye. I order the book and it arrives quickly. I start reading the book and it makes allot of sense. About a third way through the book I come upon a passage that says \xe2\x80\x9cOk, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to now tell you about my 5 agreements in business not to be confused with the Four Agreements of Don Miguel Ruiz. If you want to learn about his four agreements you can get his book titled the Four Agreements and read about them\xe2\x80\x9d.  Nothing else was mentioned about that subject and I kept reading. About 3 pages after that statement I felt compelled to go back. I found the author and the title of the book \xe2\x80\x9cThe Four Agreements\xe2\x80\x9d. I was sitting at my desk in front of my computer so I went to Ebay and clicked on a Buy It Now and had the book in my hand three day\xe2\x80\x99s later. I thought it came to me very quickly. The book is written I am told, at a sixth grade level and it has about 140 pages. So I ate it up and read it in about 3 days. After reading it I thought to myself. This book makes so much sense. Just 4 agreements and I don\xe2\x80\x99t have to memorize a bunch of affirmations and make sure that I find the right one to say for the situation in my stack of 3X5\xe2\x80\x99 cards. I\xe2\x80\x99m thinking this is one of the best books I\xe2\x80\x99ve read and it\xe2\x80\x99s so simple to understand and implement. So I go in for round two with this book. I\xe2\x80\x99m going to read it again. About half way through the book is when it happens. My vision: It\xe2\x80\x99s 10:00am and I\xe2\x80\x99m sitting at my home office desk reading the book for the second time. The morning light is shining through my French doors. I\xe2\x80\x99m about half way through it when the room goes dark. I turn my chair to the left toward the light switch to see who\xe2\x80\x99s there. I stand and I drop the book to the floor out of my left hand. My desk is to my right. The book lands on a wood floor, bounces a couple of times and makes an echo like a book bouncing on a wood floor in an empty room. (The floor in my office is carpeted) I look around my room and it\xe2\x80\x99s not my room anymore. It\xe2\x80\x99s now as large as a high school gym and empty of everything except for my desk and chair and the floor is wood. My Room looks like an empty school gym. It is then that I see my office door. It\xe2\x80\x99s glowing and the colors on it have changed from white to Lapis Blue and the handle on the door is glowing an Orange/Gold color. The door appears to be breathing in and out. On it\xe2\x80\x99s in breath the door is puffed up and show cracks with the orange/gold color in them. The door and handle are illuminated like they\xe2\x80\x99re ready to explode and catch fire. I see smoke coming in from the door jam around the door frame on its out breath. I walk slowly to the door and grab the handle. I turn it clockwise and crack the door open about an inch to peak outside my room. An intense and bright white light comes through the one inch space. It startles me because of its intense brightness and the speed at which it came through the door so close to my face. The light is just like a laser. It is focused. It\xe2\x80\x99s not like it\xe2\x80\x99s flooding the room with light it\xe2\x80\x99s like a laser beam of bright white/golden light 1 inch wide and as tall as the door. In the light are many small brown particles about the size of pencil erasers. They\xe2\x80\x99re floating and moving along in the light, going by me, not real fast as they come in the door.   Then I open the door all the way. The door opens inward and from left to right. (as it normally would in my office) Immediately upon",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Before,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
267,ADC,1334,20,,F,"I went into my patients room to set her up to eat the noon time meal. She was quiet, awake but not quite there, still breathing. While I was turning her from one side to the next, she died when I moved to the other side of the bed I saw her spirit or ghost hovering at her bedside, the spirit looked down at her own body, looked at me, looked down at her body and then turned away and vanished.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Young m,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
268,ME ,1127,51,,F,See above.    ,,I am a U.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
269,ADC,1365,36,,F,"I felt shocked that Mr. S. handed me the exact poem that my mother had read 7000 miles away just two hours before. I wanted to have a copy of the poem and asked my mother, forgetting to remind her to send it at end of conversation. I believed it was more than a coincidence, it was a message from my uncle, and that his consciousness in some way continued.    ",,Irish,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,undec,very st,"100,000+",colle,Adminis,,single,marri,Yes,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
270,ME ,1501,57,,F,"What I learned was that I can truly trust my intuition and feelings. If something doesnt feel right, it isnt.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Retired,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
271,OBE,1495,4,,F,"I remember my mother calling out to my aunt. . .watch her, she likes to stand on the edge of the tub. The next thing I remember is seeing myself being carried by my aunt and placed on the couch. I was watching from above. My aunt was crying and my mother was pulling curlers from her hair. My aunt told her to nevermind her hair, then picked me up and carried me to the car. I did not feel anything. I was an observer. I had no emotion. I had no body that I was aware of. I saw myself laying In the back seat of the car and was seeing the event as a movie, but always from above. It wasnt like I was even connected to them somehow yet I knew who they were and I knew it was me. The next thing I remember is seeing my aunt carrying me through the parking lot with my mother beside her. As we entered the hospital I was laid on a gurney. I heard a nurse say shes going to regurgitate. The next thing I remember was waking up in my own bed, walking into our kitchen where my mother, father, aunt, &amp; grandmother were talking around the table and someone said. . . well look whos awake! and everyone hugged me. I never thought about it until one day when I was a teen, my mother and aunt brought it up and I made fun of my mother needing to do her hair before taking me to the hospital and she said, how do you know that? You were out cold.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,    Q.,,single,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
272,ME ,1269,59,,F,"(Repeat of #43) I was driving my car alone and running errands during the daytime. It was an ordinary, sunny July day during the week. I was driving past the Briarcliff Congregational Church in Briarcliff Manor, New York, a small, Westchester County suburban community, a one-hour drive north of Manhattan. I glanced over at the churchs directory sign to read it. It said You say theres distance between you and God. Who moved? I immediately stopped my car and held up traffic, stared at those words and thought for a few seconds about that question. I remember answering that question to myself: I moved. It was I who moved because God doesnt move. Hes all around us. I suddenly realized what I was saying and I said to myself: Why am I answering this question? I dont believe in God. Then I started to cry and I was shaking in my car. It was a soft cry and a mild shaking. But I was aware that I was being moved by something. I heard the car horns blaring behind me but ignored them. I knew I had to make an instant decision to stay with this feeling or cut it off, ignore it and continue on with my chores. Although I was a little frightened at the unknown feelings and event that were overtaking me, I decided to stay with my feelings. I pulled across the street into the empty parking lot of the little Briarcliff Public Library and parked in a quiet corner of the lot. I sat crying and shaking and let whatever it was overtake me. I was still a little frightened but I decided to trust the event. I suddenly looked down and saw that my chest was ethereally slowly opening up and a current of wavy air was entering my chest. This did not at all frighten me. I did not hear anything, touch anything or smell anything. (With me, all my visions, signs and visits by Holy Spirit were always visual. I guess since God made me a visual artist, It comes to me in a visual form.) God then played with me a game of spiritual connect the dots. It released from my memory spiritual experiences from my past that I had heretofore forgotten but remembered when they became fresh again in my memory. (Ill be registering each one in separate forms on your site.) I was sitting in my car for about one half hour and in that half hour I went from believing nothing to believing everything. I knew there really was a God. I knew that Jesus was the Son of God. I knew there really was a Holy Spirit. I knew the Bible was true. And I felt that God wanted me to be Christian, so I converted myself from Judaism to Christianity on the spot. No one came over to me while I sat in my car. I was infused with a tremendous new and exciting spiritual energy and couldnt wait to go home and tell Hank, my husband, all about it.    ",,I am a U.,"50,000",atheist,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,I am an,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
273,NDE,1266,41,,F,    ,,I am a US,1 mill,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",post,Teacher,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
274,ADC,1333,59,,F,"I was grieving for the recent passing of my brother. His death caused by prostate cancer had seemed untimely. He also did not want to go and put up quite a fight. At his funeral, I was inconsolable mainly because I felt he had been taken before his time. He also seemed ill prepared for his own departure. I felt guilty also wondering if there was something I could have or should have done to help prolong his life here on earth.  At first I observed what seemed to be a thin mist in the doorway. I also felt his presence very heavily. I was afraid, because I knew what I was experiencing was outside the norm. Every time I started dozing off to sleep I felt pulled towards him on a spiritual level. I must hve fallen asleep or in that space between sleepand conciousness I had an encounter with him. I was able to ask any questions that I wanted to and did. I asked him if he was ok. He explained that he was happy. Knowing how reluctant he was to leave I asked: who helped you. He answered Aubrey not someone I knew or had heard of. He had come to me to let me know not to grieve for him as he had gone on to a better place and he was doing fine.        ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Sales,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
275,DEE,1349,44,,F,"At that moment when I was in despair, I felt a physical touch in the middle of my forehead, on my third eye, which is what I was told later. It actually gently pushed my head into my pillow. At that moment I felt the most incredible sensation of love, acceptance and forgiveness that I have ever experienced. It only lasted a few brief seconds, but I was absolutely changed forever by the experience.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Freelan,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
276,ME ,1089,36,,F,"At the time I felt that I met God and learned many things about the universe and my role in it (but I didnt hear anything, I just learned). I also felt conflicted/afraid because I thought that it was impossible to meet God and learn so many things, so I felt like I was losing my mind. However, I managed to keep my job, run my lab, and continue normal living through it without seeking medical attention, so in that sense I had not lost my mind. At the end of it, I had a much more concrete spirituality/belief system. I felt infused with certain knowledge. For example, I had never thought about a triune God, but I was infused with a belief in a triune God and an understanding of the concept (even though I cant put it into words). I felt infused with the concept of a Son of God (Jesus). I saw many levels of overlapping consciousness on earth. I understood my necessary place in the universe through specific visions of relatives/loved ones. I absolutely believed in a God that is love and ultimate reality, who has a hand in everything we do. I was called into contemplation. I had to spend many many hours in silence in Church and on walks. I had to listen to Pachelbels Connon many times. I felt I was learning the most important information available to human beings directly from God.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",post,Profess,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
277,ADC,1292,41,,F,"I saw only my father with nothing surrounding him but a color I cannot describe. At first, I felt nothing just surprise. Idont know if he was sitting, standing because I only saw him from the waist up. He was 63 when he died but he didnt look 63 nor did he look young. He looked ageless and his skin looked illuminated.He had the most beautiful color, I cant explain it. I had never seen his face so peaceful and happy. He was looking directly at me and said dont worry about me, Ive never been happier and then faded out.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,nationa,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
278,ADC,1059,10,,F,"My mother called me to come downstairs. Her voice was very clear and I yelled down to answer her that I was coming. I closed my book and went quickly down the stairs. When I got to the bottom of the stairs, it suddenly hit me that it could not have been my mother calling because she had died the year before. I asked my stepmother if she had called me. She did not. At that point, I went back upstairs feeling that my mother was just touching base with me. It was a comforting feeling.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
279,ME ,1362,40,,F,well I saw my father sitting up in his hospital bed completely bathed in light white white light. He was glowing. He was very happy. The ventilation tube had been removed from his throat. He said to us that the worst part about the surgery was the ventilation tube and machine. He was so glad to have it out. I told me Mom about it and I had a strong feeling that my dad was going to be fine and come away okay from the surgery. When I told my Mom she wondered if the bright light could have meant my Dad had died. But I assured her that I knew he was going to be just fine. Well. That day when we visited my Dad in the hospital he was sitting up in bed there was light from the window on him illuminating him! He said The worst part of it all was the ventilation tube.    ,,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,moder,"100,000+",maste,Childre,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
280,ME ,1330,20,,F,"I felt a large, strong beam of love enter my head from above. It traveled down to my chest and then flowed out of my body, touching and loving all people I came in contact with, including myself. It was palpable, like it had a physical quality to it and was completely unconditional and in a way impersonal. Love for me, for others. Love through me. Divine love for all. At the same time I heard a voice in my head explaining things to me. ( I had been very confused and unhappy in my life before traveling). It was saying things like: this happened because of this, this you learned here, this builds on that and on and on and on. I saw my life, which had been a string of failures, in a clear straight line, one experience building upon another. I had a vision of standing on a mountain and having 360degree vision, understanding not just my life, but everything. Everything made sense, everything was clear and simple. I knew I would not stay there, but it was ok. I also had a feeling of something trying to jump out of my chest, like my spirit body being sucked at from the outside. I thought if this experience comes on one drop stronger, my soul is going to escape my body and thats the end. But it didnt.All the time I had a feeling of complete euphoria. It was a very high energy state and I could hardly sleep during the 7 days and nights that it lasted.    ",,British s,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,Recepti,,single,separ,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
281,DEE,1152,24,,F,In seeing the color I remember not being able to look away from it because it wasnt anything I had ever seen before and I remember it being so beautiful and bright. It wasnt a shade or combination of any colors that we know of here on earth. It was something I cant describe and I dont even remember what it looks like now I just know that i saw it. In being shown what happens after death I remember some sort of being that was present and showing me and that it didnt seem to have a gender. I was to understand that I would not remember anything upon waking and I understood this as I was aware that I was dreaming in the dream as I was when shown the non existent color. What I was shown gave me the most intense feeling of love and made everything I knew that was stressful and upsetting seem so insignificant. I was left with the clarity that there is so much that we as humans are not to understand or know yet. The feeling was so intense that when I woke up I had tears streaming down my face and a tear soaked pillow. I felt warm and fuzzy and completely at ease.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,moder,very st,"25,000 49",some,Nurses,,single,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
282,DEE,1391,27,,F," Immediately after demanding that God prove himself, I became warm and felt as if I were being wrapped in a soft blanket. Then I heard (in my head but more clear than anything ever said) I love you. This was repeated a couple of times, until I stood up and said Ok. Thank you. Then I went in the house. After that I never felt any desire to end my life, or that I was worthless.    ",,US citize,"50,000",agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
283,DEE,1439,42,,M,"I saw the white light an that changed my view of the world. I suddenly understood what love is and the Power of love. I also understood in a different way most of the speaking from Jesus and other spiritual persons as Eckhart Tolle, Deepak Chopra, etc. In some way I just recoqnized what they were saying as the truth.    ",,Norwegian,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
284,NDA,1306,30,,F,I broke down in tears and had an overwhelming sense that I was where I needed to be and that everything was finally going to be okay.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",some,Tattoo,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
285,OBE,1524,21,,F,So I was sitting upright and looking at the end of the bed where I felt a presence not one person but a group of people. I actually could not see these people they did not reveal themselves. I saw an outline like an aura white and thin foggy. Someone said to me telepathically come over. I hesitated scared I remember and said Im not ready. Then snap I was lying down again and opened my eyes. The room was exactly how I saw it through them closed other than the beings were gone. I felt like I knew these people intimately more than the people I know in this world even though I couldnt see them I sensed they were close to me like family like my real family. I felt I could trust them but that I hadnt completed my purposes on earth yet. I was in effect asking for more time. So it seemed in the ensuing days that followed I made a conscious effort to stop satisfying myself and helping others.    ,,New Zeala,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,moder,"50,000 99",maste,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
286,ADC,1348,49,,F,"I was lying face down on the massage table when a soccer game began to unfold in front of me. I thought \xe2\x80\x9cthat\xe2\x80\x99s nice\xe2\x80\x9d. The game then came closer \xe2\x80\x9cinto my line of vision\xe2\x80\x9d (even though my eyes were closed). It was vivid, techno-color and I remember thinking it was so real. The kids that were playing were cute and happy, smiling, and intent on their game. One child seemed to really grab my attention, he was blond and handsome and so well formed, and I remember thinking \xe2\x80\x9cthat\xe2\x80\x99s what Nick would look like if he were alive\xe2\x80\x9d.  They were having so much fun with this game. The next thing I knew, the kid that looked like my son kicked the ball and I thought, that\xe2\x80\x99s a goal for sure; then the ball swerved and came towards me at Mach speed and slammed me in the face. The next instant, it was snatched back by Nick (by son) and he stood there radiantly smiling for a few seconds and he said \xe2\x80\x9cThat one was for you, mom \xe2\x80\x93 just to let you know, I\xe2\x80\x99m OK\xe2\x80\x9d. He waved good bye as he ran back onto the field and began playing with his friends.  I jumped so high on the massage table, that the masseur who was massaging my upper back and neck at the time, actually jumped back a few feet and said \xe2\x80\x9cWow, what just happened?\xe2\x80\x9d  The child I saw was my child, he would have been the age my son would have been if he were alive, about 7 or 8 years old. When I thought back on this, I thought it was a little mean to slam me in the face with a soccer ball, but then I chuckled because I knew that was what was needed to get through my layers of grief. I knew he was telling me that he was fine and that I should \xe2\x80\x9cget on with my own life\xe2\x80\x9d.     ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",some,Broker-,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
287,DEE,1224,45,,F,"i felt so comforted with the knowledge of a better transition for my mom at that time. the book guided my decisions and was like a big hug for me and her. i reread the book twice before the weekend was over and get more comforted each time. why now and why this time, i felt like my mom guided me to buy this book because i had not known she was sick and was about the die.    ",,american,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",colle,housing,,single,single,Yes,very little,All pleasant,adult
288,ME ,1320,24,,M,"Please see above. What I felt was similar to what Dr. Alexander wrote in his book, but I did not have to die to experience it. There was a sense of stillness too. I felt overwhelming love, peace, serenity, ecstatic bliss and an ever-growing expanse into everything and the all. I learned that God is love and everything is made up of God or love.    ",,American,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
289,NDA,1227,5,,F,"I felt I was home, that the other place I was living was cold and harsh, I was shown a point in the future of total devastation and how I needed to be there to take care of the children. I remember seeing my friend who promised to be with me for a short time to see that I was safe.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Child,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
290,ADC,1256,56,,M,"The following can best described as a conversation I had, in the middle of the night, with the spirit of my deceased friend, Gayle. She was a high school pal from my senior year at a well-known arts boarding school in Michigan. She passed away in January after a long grueling bout with cancer. Of course, we didn\xe2\x80\x99t speak in exact words, (other than the comment about \xe2\x80\x9c56 or 57 years\xe2\x80\x9d which I remember clearly), but I have written what was said in that wonderful, brief moment of connection when I felt I had a peek behind the curtain of mortality. Gayle Hey, Mike! Mike Gayle! Gayle I\xe2\x80\x99m OK, here. I\xe2\x80\x99m happy and at peace. Thank you for remembering me, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t want you to feel so badly. Mike I miss you so much! Gayle I know it seems like my life was cut short, but we don\xe2\x80\x99t say, \xe2\x80\x9cGayle lived 56 or 57 years\xe2\x80\x9d here. How long you were on earth doesn\xe2\x80\x99t matter. What matters is if you had a good life \xe2\x80\x93 if you knew God\xe2\x80\x99s love and touched other people with it. Mike Gayle \xe2\x80\x93 I understand \xe2\x80\x93 Quality not Quantity! Gayle Exactly! Mike, I had a wonderful life, so don\xe2\x80\x99t feel badly \xe2\x80\x93 just know peace and joy for me now. Mike I do feel it, Gayle. And I can be happy for you \xe2\x80\x93 I feel your peace and joy. It must be what heaven feels like. Gayle I love you, Mike. Mike (raising hand to touch a presence) Thank you, Gayle \xe2\x80\x93  And she was gone\xe2\x80\xa6    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Musicia,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
291,ME ,1164,13,,F,"I, once again, knew I was part of something much larger than myself and the people and circumstances below. It filled me in some way that allowed me to feel comforted rather than continuing to feel so alone. And then it was over.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Outside,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
292,ME ,1166,28,,F,"I started to giggle at the ridiculousness of feeling alone. I was part of something so much larger. Not a major part, but like one of the atoms that make up everything. It made my smile to feel so much a part of everything.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,I had b,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
293,NDE,1388,54,,M,"Bam!  That had to be a plane, I thought to myself. Nothing else could possibly be moving that fast. The force of the impact had snapped the drivers seat off and I felt the car being catapulted forward. That in itself was alarming.  I had been traveling north on I-75 just north of Atlanta, GA and had just been readying to exit the North Marietta Loop traveling at about 60 mph when the impact from behind had occurred. Just a couple minutes prior I had seen some jets taking off from Dobbins Air Base. It wasnt a plane that hit me though. It was an uninsured 19 yr old driving an unregistered vehicle. Witness reports put his speed at over a 100 mph as he wove in and out of traffic coming up I-75.  The impact caused the back end of my car to jerk out to the right. The wheels on my Toyata Corolla seemed to grab the road surface. I could feel the car begin to turn over. I knew how fast I was going. I knew the car would be turning over and over in a wild tumble. It was without a doubt one of those entire life in a flash moments. There wasnt a lot of time for any lengthy reminiscing though.  Just two thoughts went through my mind. The first was a pondering why Divine Spirit had chosen this time for me. Wow, I really thought Ive learned a lot in this life. Im just at the point in life where I might be able to offer others something worthwhile. Why now?  The second thought was expressed in a spirit of surrendering, God, I really only have one request. Id really like to take all that Ive learned with me to my next life. Please dont require me to learn everything all over again. Reincarnation is something that Im completely familiar and comfortable with.  The car began to flip over. I could hear the metal shearing and the glass shattering all around me. I felt the tumbling effect. I felt like I was inside a long tunnel like whirlpool. In the center of that incredibly fast spinning darkness I saw a bright white light, warm like the sun, very quiet and very serene.  Total silence.  I opened my eyes. Cool, I thought. I made it through this and Im not even hurt! No pain at all!  Then I tried to move. Not so much as a finger responded. I was lying face down, head in the back seat, my feet somewhere up around the area of the steering wheel. A thumb was pressing hard against my nose and lip. I could see that it appeared, by its relative positioning, to be the thumb from my left hand, but it was my right thumb. I could also see that my right arm bent in an awkward position under my throat. God, Im glad Im paralyzed because that would really hurt if I could feel it, I said to myself.  Totally paralyzed, I thought to myself. Quadriplegic. I will be a burden on everyone for the rest of my life.  I then concluded that because I was unable to feel any pain, that I probably had serious internal injuries as well. I would die here, but at least I would die without pain. I thanked Divine Spirit for that blessing.  I could literally feel myself, as Spirit, sinking slowly down and out of my body. It was a deeply sickening feeling. Then I heart a tapping sound. Are you all right? a womans trembling voice asked.  Im paralyzed. Call the police, call the ambulance. I said. At least I could talk, I thought to myself.  That started a flurry of activity. Over the next half hour, I heard sirens, people yelling and screaming, and the unmistakable sound of a helicopter. All the while I laid face down, head in the back seat, not moving. All the doors were jammed. The parameds were frantically trying to reach me and couldnt. They kept saying, Stay with us now, stay with us. They ended up cutting off the entire roof of the car and very carefully they lifted me out. I was placed on a stretcher, moved to level ground, and was immediately given an IV.  At least 5 or 6 medical personal surrounded me. The one directly above my face said to me, Mr., youre going to be all right. Then a womans voice said, Mr., have you made arrangements for organ transplants?  Yeah, I said. Its on my drivers license. I could see the guy directly above me stare down the lady who said it.  Then another voice spoke up. Mr, do you have a living will?  No, I said. I looked up at the guy above me and said, Im in it pretty deep, huh?  He smiled down at me and said Id be fine. Yeah, right, I thought to myself.  They strapped me in the lifeflight helicopter. Off I went to the Atlanta Medical Center Spinal Trauma Unit, the best such facility for hundreds of miles in all directions. Upon arriving I was placed in the operating room recovery room. Apparently there was more room there for all the medical personnel to gather round me.  After being taken for CAT Scans and an MRI I was returned to the recovery room. After the initial blur of activity, another seriously injured person was brought into the room. She was obviously near death. The doctors",,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
294,NDE,1331,12,,M,"I was bleeding internally after my tonsiectomy and threw up 2 quarts of blood. In the emergency room I barely could stay awake and just wanted to so badly sleep. As the rushed me into the OR I passed out. Next morning I awoke and never felt better. Then I got the details from my mom that it took 3 Dr.s and 3 interns to hold me down because I was thrashing about while they attempted to give me the transfusion. I then remembered seeing myself in the bed as this all happened but I saw it from above and saw my mom crying as the Priest read me last rites. Then I started to rise away from the scene and the white light appeared like a brightly lit hallway. As I moved through it the bright light gave way to an open non descript colorless area and there was my Grandpa. I ran up to him and hugged him around his waist and he patted me on the head as he said so good to see you Jay. I just started rattling off all the things we would do, go fishing etc. and he looked down and me and smiled as he listened to my enthusiastic descriptions. He held my hand and squatted down and said son...not now, not yet, you have to go back to your mother and be there for her and you have so much more to do yet before we can be together. And then I started to fade away from him as he waved. that was it.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Child,,single,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,youth
295,DEE,1234,24,,M,"Introduction While I read through \xe2\x80\x9cProof of Heaven\xe2\x80\x9d I was struck by the similarity of several distinct items that were present within a spiritual experience that occurred to me. The items that Dr. Eben Alexander presented in \xe2\x80\x9cProof of Heaven that were similar if not identical to what I experienced are as follows: 1.) Peoples clothes were natural to the environment. 2.) The experiences were perceived to be magnitudes more real than normal life. 3.) The \xe2\x80\x9cglorious chant\xe2\x80\x9d was everywhere and came from many places. 4.) A exhilarating sense of unity with all that exists. 5.) Dr. Eben Alexanders description of communication as, \xe2\x80\x9cthoughts that entered me directly\xe2\x80\x9d is similar to the direct communication with the Word of God that came upon me. The Word communicated as if through every subatomic particle field--not through words but through the Word of God. Although the religious experience written here is in dream format, the information transferred and situations experienced were of a supra consciousness nature. The religious experience developed as an independent psychological process over a twenty year period--from adolescence to adulthood. The religious experience happened to me at age 24 on September 03, 1979. I am 57 years old. Since I was 24 years old I have had no extraordinary psychological experiences. Personal experiences with direct spiritual development of consciousness are eternal and transcend both living experiences and after death experiences. Heaven is not strictly an after death state and something, perhaps a \xe2\x80\x9ccosmic mind,\xe2\x80\x9d interacts with the human brain and shares some obscure affinity with each human mind. In a sense \xe2\x80\x9cIt\xe2\x80\x9d is omnipresent; heaven is all around us but we typically fail to see it. Both living and after death experiences attest to this fact. This experience is of the living variety.  The Trances From age 4 through 21 I had experienced approximately 10 trances that would take me to what seemed like another dimension. My first recollection, of two symbols that appeared in one form or another throughout the trances and in the religious experience, was from a time as a kid with high fever. I saw two sparkling nuns that were walking along an infinite seashore. Children were playing beneath a sun umbrella and fragile autumn leaves blew across the sand. I perceived an infinitely dense black line coming from the sky to crush the leaves, the sun umbrella and the children. I cried out, \xe2\x80\x9cthe line. the line\xe2\x80\x9d as my mother put cold water and rubbing alcohol on my forehead to reduce the fever. The trances stopped occurring during fever (associated with illness) around 10 years old. But I would try to stay awake by watching T.V. late into the night because I knew the trance would take place if I fell asleep and that scared me. Usually when the trance started Id get up out of bed and sit in a chair. The experience then caused the world to fade out. The walls of the room would disappear and a dark space with two huge dense masses of sparkling energy would transfer their energy back and forth through a sparkling, connecting line along which the energy flowed. I had no recognition of my presence. When the one mass would become infinitesimal to the point of disappearing, the other would become dense and heavy. Then I would become frightened. But, eventually, the energy would transfer out of the dense and heavy sparkling mass along the line and back into the one that almost disappeared. The last few times, around 20 years old, when I experienced the trances, the episodes were witnessed without fear. Id get up out of bed, sit on a couch and simply watch the show. Afterwords, I thought that was really strange but it didnt make any sense so I didnt think much of it. When I was 24 years old, at a time when my mind was biologically mature, I had a profound religious experience that seemed to be the end result of the trances. It was in the form of a dream that I could understand. Although this experience was in dream-like symbolism. I experienced it far greater than waking life experiences. Perception and emotion while in it had been enhanced. I often referred to an increase of reality to a magnitude of 10 when recounting the experience. Carl Jung stated that what acts is actual and this experience was actually the most intense experience in my life. Like a dream that you try to recall, while it fades away with the more time that passes between waking and the writing of it, much of the details escaped my memory at the time of writing it. I was in tears and quite overwhelmed upon waking but some parts of the dream that I remember and wrote are still remembered along with the emotional intensity as evidenced in my consistent effort",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Machini,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
296,ADC,1085,58,,M,"I fell asleep right away and slept soundly, something I wasnt used to. During my sleep it became light and my dad was right in front of me. He was smiling and told me the answer to my prayers in a way only dad would answer... Charlie, in order to succeed you have to be committed. It was crystal clear that it was him and the message he delivered was meant to reveal the two paths I had to choose from... To be committed to my work or be committed to the Psych ward. I felt such joy as I have ever felt with the surity that the encounter was real and that he knew that I would understand that he is watching over me; that being committed to my work meant being committed to my life. I think of him now when things get a little rough and look forward to seeing him on the othe3r side.    ",,us citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
297,ME ,1116,34,,F,Please see earlier summary.    ,,USA/Brazi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,very strong,none,"100,000+",maste,Wall St,,marri,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
298,ADC,1094,53,,F,"I answered the door to Moms house, and she came in. Then Dad appeared behind her to come in. I said You cant be here, youre dead. He said he had to give me one more hug and let me know he was OK. Then he gave me the hug, told me not to worry about him, and left. He was happy smiling, relaxed. About two nights later almost the same dream, but this time he said he knew I was ok, and I should know he was Ok. I awoke with a feeling of complete calm. It may be terrible to say, but I am not upset about Dad being dead. He let me know that I will be ok and that dieing is not the end. I loved and greatly respected my father. He was 79, but in great shape had been golfing the Monday before he died. Died of heart attack after returning from filling Moms car up with gas. Found in seat of car by condo manager within minutes of parking. EMS directly across the road were there within about two minutes. The one man said Dad was in no pain. Peaceful look on his face. Now I know why.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Worked,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
299,OBE,1454,17,,M,"I came back home late at night from a fair that I had gone to with my girlfriend. I went to my room, and I was very sleepy. Although I was really tired, I wanted to stay awake because I still wanted to call my girlfriend before going to bed. The urge to sleep was powerful though, and I started to drift off into a dose.. HOWEVER, I was still AWARE I wanted to stay awake, so consciously I was still fighting the sleep. So I got up. Except.. It wasnt my PHYSICAL body that got up... I.. and not the PHYSICAL I, maybe it was my spirit I dont know, rose up a few feet in the air and stood there as if I was floating. I knew wasnt a dream because I had had several dreams/nightmares up until now, and also I knew I was still in my room in the exact same spot (Despite being in the air) and I saw my television, walls, and things in my room that were already there before, in the exact same place. My sight of these things was shortly focused on something else, as I saw a tall, black, shadowy figure standing right in front of me. I was frozen with fear as obviously this sort of thing doesnt happen everyday for me.. So I just stood there looking at it. It seemed malevolent. I just had this feeling that it knew I was scared of it, and that was an achieved goal for the figure or something, and it slowly started to walk (move, float) towards me. Before it got too close, I woke up.. Or.. Became my physical self again, and I was scared and confused at what just happened..    ",,United St,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Odd Job,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
300,OBE,1143,17,,F,"I was disembodied. Watching my sister and Grandmother talk in a store I had never been in. I described the store and their conversation in detail. I was floating above, but I didnt see myself, just knew it was me. The feeling was pleasant.    ",,N/A    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,undec,none,"50,000 99",Some,student,,single,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,youth
301,OBE,1258,20,,M,"I was transported to my friends room at his home in West Lafayette, Ind. I was on the ceiling observing him on a cot below. It was evening. I observed that he was in unusual distress and emotional pain. I immediately found myself praying and interceding for him in an unknown tongue that I did not know. When I awoke back in Tulsa in my dorm room at ORU , I felt the heavy peaceful presence of God upon me and I remembered everything about the encounter.    ",,Citizen o,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
302,DEE,1350,14,,M,"As I looked I saw 3 beings in hooded robes similar to those worn by Jedi knights or monks. I saw no faces on these beings, and they stood there looking at me and I at them. They walked by me and through the wall leaving down the street. Nothing was said, but at 14 years old I knew I did not want the incredible sense of peace to leave me. I chased after these beings down the street in my underwear. They moved simultaneously as one. They just seemed to have disappeared.    ",,US Citize,"100,00",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,dail,dail,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,None,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
303,OBE,1229,44,,M,"Almost immediately after taking the divine plant I began to fall out of my body. It was a wholly new sensation for me. After years of pursuing the actual out of body occurrence it was nothing as I had imagined it to be. There is noting that can compare one for the actual sensation. During numerous mediations I had always imagined myself rising above my body to look down and view myself. But this is not what actually happened. I actually fell into myself. I literally fell out of myself and by falling inside myself. And then instantly found myself floating above my body laying on the bed. The experience of being pulled out of the body was not an unpleasant sensation rather it was the first time to feel it and all firsts are usually associated with some fear. In this case it happened so fast and the train I was on had no exit routes, so I was on it for the duration. Once I was above my body the experience was quite pleasant. I was amazed at how I looked. I also notice the family cat was aware of my presence which I found quite interesting as it gazed upon my astral body. Just as I was becoming acquainted with my new surroundings I was yanked yet again in another direction at an astounding rate through a tunnel towards a light. Upon reaching the end of the tunnel I seemed to be deposited on the other side of a threshold. This place was completely and utterly spectacular. I was suddenly connected to everything was the feeling I remember most. I only needed to think of something and the associated response was with me. The communication was so much different here. I wasnt thinking in words but pictures associated with strong feelings and emotions. And I was like a newborn. I had very little experience in this new environment. It was very much a fish out of water experience. The thing that left the most lasting impression on me was this. I was able to look back on where I had just come from. The physical world. It was close. I could perceive it clearly as if it were a separate dimension but very close. I began to focus on the edges of it as it didnt seem to be wholly formed yet. The colors were so vibrant and alive.  So organic. The edges looked like caviar. And It came into me that I was perceiving the physical on a molecular level. I was so amazed. Then suddenly it came through me like a lightening bolt. These molecules perceived me. They were aware I was looking at them. Communication!! Images and information passed at an alarming rate. I was aware of the rythme and reason for everything coming into being. It filled me with a sense of joy I had never felt before. I laughed. I knew what life really was. These small bits of life....molecules...all formed based on collective thoughts. We all were creating everyday. We just didnt realize how powerful our thoughts we were. Then I was aware of a presence behind me. It was so brite and so large. My first thoughts were not of intrigue but of how small and dim I was. And just this tiny bit of hesitation flooded me with thoughts of....had I killed myself. Suddenly I was flooded with thoughts of fear. I wanted to know if I was alive. I yearned to feel my body again. So I prayed to feel my body again. And I was propelled in that direction. It was not an easy maneuver. It took some time to anchor myself in my body but it was accomplished. I had set up a timer on the side of the night stand. Total duration was 15 minutes. It had felt like an eternity. There was actually no sensation of time where I had gone. It did not exist.     ",,US citize,"251,00",spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Junio,Produce,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
304,ME ,1314,33,,M,"I awake to nothing. No body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space: no near, no far, no light or dark. No heat, no cold. No emotion: no joy, no fear. Just calm awareness in a gray void.  A moment / eternity passes. Light! A brilliant sun! And with it, darkness: the fullness of empty space. A small human figure stands in silhouette. My consciousness shifts. I become the figure; a human body standing in space before a radiant globe. I feel! I am bathed in intense light and heat; light and heat so intense that if I were in a physical form I would be vaporized. I am engulfed by boundless, infinite energy; overwhelming energy. Another shift in perception: energy becomes love. Energy and love are the same. Energy is love. I am embraced and cradled: infolded by a boundless field of energy/love, love which is personal yet vast beyond comprehension. I am seen; seen through. The barriers and masks that we construct to present an idealized persona to the world are blown away. Though the experience is veiled to me I perceive that my life in its naked reality is being lived and fully comprehended by a conscious presence. There is no judgment. My being with all its shortcomings, failures, and rough edges is unconditionally accepted, loved, and cherished.  I become aware that what had first appeared like a sun is un-like anything from ordinary reality. I am in the presence of a radiant, fluid luminosity. An amalgam of water and light is the best approximation I can think of. The sense of being before a conscious presence intensifies.  My mind buzzes with the desire to hold It, to explain and contain It with my thought. The more I grasp, however, the more It slips away. It cannot be grasped or named. I give up, let go, and allow myself to simply rest with It. With this shift from desire/grasping to acceptance I am permeated by light. In a blaze, the dark husk of my body flakes away. I become light. I am one with the light. I am the light, a fluid, radiant luminosity. I have no body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space. I am calm awareness in a radiantly luminous field of joyfully dancing light.  A moment / eternity passes. I find myself with a luminous body. A thought is expressed without words: approach your live with joy and gratitude; compassion and acceptance. A cosmic chuckle: clear-eyed and hard-nosed. I am laughed at/with. \xe2\x80\x9cDon\xe2\x80\x99t take your self so seriously\xe2\x80\x9d rings in my mind. As I turn from the light a frigorific presence rushes from behind and past my left ear. It is a transparent nothingness consuming all energy in its path. It radiates a cold animus and an implacable will to be separate; to differentiate. As it rushes past an iron darkness warps around me. It fuses to me and I become dark and solid. I awake to an ordinary day.     ",,American,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Archite,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
305,ADC,1408,49,,M,"I was drifting off to sleep, somewhat melancholy, because I had been thinking of my brother, who passed away in 1994. He was my younger brother. My wife was out of town, taking care of her terminally ill mother in her final days. It was a time of sadness and raw emotion. As I lay in bed, finally relaxing and beginning to drift towards sleep, I felt a presence fill the room. An overwhelming feeling of love filled me. It was love in a fullness like I had never experienced. At the same time, the room seemed to fill with a fragrance that was undeniably my father. It was the smell of his clean, fresh laundered shirts. It was the fragrance that I most associated with him. This feeling went on for a period of time, but I dont know how much time elapsed. It did not just come and go though, it persisted long enough for me to realize that I was experiencing something very special.    ",,U.S. Citi,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Systems,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
306,ADC,1198,51,,F,"I found myself sitting alone in a row of seats in front of another row of seats where Sharon sat behind me to the left. I looked back at her and saw her cutting off her beautiful hair, taking handfuls and just cutting. Then she began pulling at it in an anguished way, hacking away, and then began pulling at the skin on her face. The next moment we were standing hugging each other with such complete and total, unconditional love,rocking back and forth, seeing such love in her eyes, feeling incredible love beaming into me from her, I was weeping with joy knowing she was alright, that she was happy, in a good place. I woke myself up weeping with joy and grief and gratitude all at the same time, and I knew she had come to let me know she was alright, in a place of great love. I am weeping now as I write this because I now know where she is. I know. Where my sisters went.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,none,"0 24,999",High,artist,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
307,DEE,1205,45,,F,"Well it has been a few years, but here is what happened. I was at Mass. We attend weekly. This week, for some reason, my eyes kept being drawn towards the rafters above the altar. I kept feeling a presence, actually two, playfully going from rafter to rafter. Ive felt presences before, never at church. Whenever I do, I usually just ignore, or if it is strong enough, tell it to call on the name of Christ. So the feeling kept getting stronger and stronger, I finally stated silently for the things to play quieter so I could concentrate on the Mass. They didnt leave though. And we lined up for the Holy Eucharist, and I received the Body of Christ from Rita, a long time parishoner and dedicated Eucharistic minister. As soon as she gave the Host to me, I didnt even get to walk to my seat when I heard a loud CRASH! The silver bowl witht the Host was dropped because Rita collapsed and died on the spot. As soon as that happened, I slowly felt the presences leave. Come to find out about a week later at Ritas funeral, that she used to be a nun, she was in love with the Eucharist, and her life-long wish was to die IN THE CHURCH, GIVING OUT THE EUCHARIST. Those angels in the rafters (or whatever celestial beings they were) were there for Rita. I only observed, or felt their presence. This isnt the first time Ive felt unearthly presences, but most definitely the strongest. You can check on Ritas death if you want to confirm this, just let me know and I will give you the name of the parish and the presiding priest. Please keep me nameless, for now. Thank you.     ",,US citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,avera,"100,000+",Some,Office,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
308,SDE,1210,58,,F,    ,,British c,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Prefer no,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
309,ADC,1527,52,,M,"Occurred several years after death of mother( 1998?) In dream, mother entered what appeared to be a classroom setting dressed in a black top and black and white A line skirt. She told me Stacy is dead. No more was said. Had image of Stacy lying in a ditch beside a road. Stacy was our middle daughter who was away at school at the time and remained alive until committing suicide in 2014. (Of interest, Stacy also had visual image of he grandmother, Edith, my mother, shortly after my mothers death.)    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Army so,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All distressing,adult
310,ME ,1397,25,,M,The pdf I will attach does this.    ,,Native bo,1 mill,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,I was a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
311,ADC,1455,34,,F,"With regards to the above....when I got home, my husband was not there, but a note on the counter he had left me said Chryalsis, I am ashamed to say I didnt know how to pronounce it so I went about my usual chores. When my husband got home I asked him what it was, when he pronounced it everything came together, I was standing there with my mouth open. He went on to say it is a battered womans shelter who needs womens business clothes to help the women there get out and get a jog so they can be on their own and be successful. My best friend Amanda was adopted...she tried for years to find her birth mother....when she finally found her...it was two weeks after her birth mother had died from a beating from a husband. Amanda never got to meet her. I had no doubt this was a communication to me as to where she wanted her clothes to go. I have had several more communication even up to present day.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,I owned,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
312,ME ,1489,56,,M," By about nine p.m. I noticed that I was hearing songs in a way I never had before. I seemed to be entering more deeply than usual into the mind of the writer and understanding what was being emotionally conveyed. So I kept listening. I felt the sorrows and joys of others as they spoke to me in song. I felt the tragic beauty in the passions, lost hopes and brevity of life as experienced by other people. There was a collision of sadness and beauty, a kind of majestic sorrow. I wondered if it was due to being fifty six years of age and being able to relate to many situations in life. Shivers repeatedly rose in waves up my spine from its base. I could not recall ever enjoying music to such an extent. I identified so closely with the singers, I became them. I could get up and go to the bathroom or get a drink of chilled water from the kitchen without losing the spinal effect. I then returned to the headphones and Yahoo Radio on the computer. The shivers of pleasure continued to rise in waves up my spine and began to intensify and surge down my legs and up my arms. The base of my head, at the rear, where the spine joins the skull was hit by waves of exquisite sensation with each new song. It felt like a hand was gripping the upper back of my neck where it meets the skull, and channelling in high voltage pleasure direct to my brain. After each wave of energy up my spine, this sensation did not totally subside, but seemed to remain as a scintillation of increased magnitude higher than the level before it. I became concerned as the euphoric physical effects intensified and extended in duration. I checked my pulse by the clock to see if I had an elevated heart rate associated with panic attacks. My pulse was normal and steady and my body felt very, very relaxed. I had the sensation of settling or falling back, deeper within my body, as the experience continued. My mind was paradoxically calm, intensely present, sharply aware and my cognition totally functioning and nimble. The waves of sensation up my spine became a volcanic rush that entered my head. I was thinking \xe2\x80\x9cOh, Oh, Oh! Awesome! Go with it!\xe2\x80\x9d Rivers of energy flowed outwards along my limbs. By now it was after midnight. My body felt almost weightless. I felt immense power flowing through my body. At one point I looked at my hands and they felt so full of the sensation of energy and so insubstantial that I wondered if they might pass through the wall if I tried. I touched the wall out of curiosity and my hand was certainly still solid as it touched the wall! It was just that I could not feel my hand. It went on and on, hour after hour as powerful waves of surging energy, ever intensifying. I was totally immersed in intense ecstasy. Suddenly, there was another huge rush of energy upwards. There was complete darkness. I found my locus of consciousness now resting in the centre of my head as a tiny pin point. The room I was sitting in had totally disappeared from sight. It was dark and comforting in the centre of my brain. Then, there was a final atomic eruption I could feel rising beneath this tiny \xe2\x80\x9cme\xe2\x80\x9d, my centre of total awareness, and it burst forth from the top of my head carrying that tiny point in a massive torrent of energy that felt like a clear, cool viscous liquid, and my awareness emerged into a infinite yet intimate space which was like an endless ocean where I felt connected to all things in the cosmos. I thought, \xe2\x80\x9cHuh! I must have died! Oh well, it\xe2\x80\x99s not so bad.\xe2\x80\x9d I had no fear. I was merely a point of consciousness with no body at all. I was overcome with immense gratitude for the privilege of having been alive, and for my life with its joys as well as its sorrows and the total improbability of just being. I thanked God.  Following on was an instantaneous, total life review. It was like viewing a three hundred and sixty degree panoramic picture screen with all of my life events played out simultaneously. Many of the things I had thought very significant in my life were not at all important. My preconceptions of right and wrong melted away. I did not feel judged in any way, I felt completely accepted. Everything was meaningful in my life and nothing I had experienced was wasted. The only things that now mattered in my past life were the times I had shown loving compassion to other people and living things. Then I felt enormous, limitless, feelings of joy, love, compassion and empathy for humankind and all living things. I felt intimate kinship with all humanity. I somehow was The Divine Mother with a heart for all my suffering beings and wanted to encompass them in arms of love and mercy and tell them everything was all right and always had been. Everything was perfect and always had been and always would be. At this stage I did ",,Australia,2001 2,religious,agnostic,Jewish,Hindu,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Enploym,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
313,ADC,1191,35,,F,"I didnt observe anything. It was entirely spiritual. I felt a strong feeling of reassurance and love. I felt freed from fear of death, and fear of life.    ",,Citizen,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",some,Housewi,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
314,ADC,1378,29,,F,I observed my uncle sitting in a chair in our spare bedroom and communicating mind to mind about the place or current state he was communicating from. I was happy to see him but was unable to comprehend the message he was sending. I left knowing that his consciousness survived his death 7 months earlier. He was wearing an old white sweat shirt and tan pants that I remembered him wearing in the past. I learned that he was OK and in no pain or distress.    ,,USA citiz,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,College,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
315,ADC,1365,36,,F,"I felt shocked that Mr. S. handed me the exact poem that my mother had read 7000 miles away just two hours before. I wanted to have a copy of the poem and asked my mother, forgetting to remind her to send it at end of conversation. I believed it was more than a coincidence, it was a message from my uncle, and that his consciousness in some way continued.    ",,Irish,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,undec,very st,"100,000+",colle,Adminis,,single,marri,Yes,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
316,ADC,1198,51,,F,"I found myself sitting alone in a row of seats in front of another row of seats where Sharon sat behind me to the left. I looked back at her and saw her cutting off her beautiful hair, taking handfuls and just cutting. Then she began pulling at it in an anguished way, hacking away, and then began pulling at the skin on her face. The next moment we were standing hugging each other with such complete and total, unconditional love,rocking back and forth, seeing such love in her eyes, feeling incredible love beaming into me from her, I was weeping with joy knowing she was alright, that she was happy, in a good place. I woke myself up weeping with joy and grief and gratitude all at the same time, and I knew she had come to let me know she was alright, in a place of great love. I am weeping now as I write this because I now know where she is. I know. Where my sisters went.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,none,"0 24,999",High,artist,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
317,ME ,1323,20,,F,My initial comments before this form say it all: Being bathed in a type of light / lightness that enveloped me with joy and peace. I have that same feeling come over me each time I engage in speaking in tongues.    ,,U.S.    Q,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
318,ADC,1121,45,,M,"At 12:30 AM on a Wednesday I was awakened from sleep by encountering a being comprised of white light floating above me and moving toward me. Initially, I was afraid and mentally cringed. As it approached me I felt overwhelming love wash over and through me. It then continued on. Two days later, I was informed that my mother had died within the last few days but was not found until Friday. No one knew her time of death.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Pilot,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
319,ME ,1361,26,,F,My friends were pouring oil over me anointing me. I had prayed before going to bed that night that God would some how make something in me occur so that I could have faith. One of my friends had a such a deep faith in God and Jesus yet she had no evidence at all because her life was hard. Very difficult circumstances yet she continued to believe in Gods love for her. I thought to myself that I would like to have some of that faith because I admired it. But I knew I didnt have it. So I asked God for it. I said God if you are real please provide me with a bit of faith so that I might believe in you as well.    ,,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,I had j,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
320,ADC,1385,37,,F,"    After closing the front door shut, I looked up to see this very sad look on my Daughters face, she was crying. I didnt think for one minute she was dead. I told her to come down off the stairs and she just looked at me blankly, pleadingly. That look will haunt me all my life. It was then I noticed my dressing gown belt, which was made of a silk like material around her neck. Reflecting back on this, I realise now that the stitches had broken so this had stretched giving the illusion, Tracey was standing on the stairs, leaning against the wall.    Thinking she was unconscious but alive, I realised by locking the door, I had locked out any chance of help from neighbours. I asked my little girl to go in the kitchen and get a chair. Put it near the bench and stand on it. On the top of the cabinets above, there are some scissors, bring them to me?    Bless her, she done everything asked of her while I held Tracey from her own weight. My little boy cried and cried and cried in a panic and was too young to understand the urgency what was going on around him other than he knew there was something very wrong.     I cut my Daughter free, called 999 then started Life saving techniques. I did have the support of the emergency service by phone. Although the ambulance service is a five minute journey to my home, I found out later there was a mix-up as the houses were within the first six months of building and the postcode had not gone on the register.     Thirty five minutes later, with a two year old still screaming and a five year old who thought there was blood on her sisters neck when actually was the marks like rubber bands make if you leave them a while around your wrist.     This was so traumatic for everyone who knew her. I also has two other children to consider. One aged thirteen who my now dead Daughter was very close to and my eldest Daughter, who was married and living in army quarters of Germany    Without my other children, I would not be here today. They gave me a reason to go on. They had suffered enough. My Daughter was pronounced dead when the ambulance eventually arrived.    ",,Full UK r,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Student,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
321,NDE,1337,49,,F,"I was made fun of by my abusers the second time, they were flashing a white light towards me telling me to die and go to heaven. It was hard to distinguish this from being real or unreal. Fortunately where I was dying I was able to pull my body away from this. For the most part the time, 2nd episode, I was there but completely out of touch with my body. At times I could hear talking and knew what was going on. I was so out of touch with any element around me. In 1990, I could feel the sharpness of the knife and a very long tube that was forced down my throat and the horrible pain of the scratching. I couldnt seem to come out of the anesthesia and would have died if the doctor didnt yell to me. My head came up off the table and back down again at that time.    ",,United St,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Executi,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
322,DEE,1534,57,,M,No noise. I was fortunate to have a first hand experience that strengthened my faith in things beyond the physical world.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Tree se,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
323,DEE,1518,31,,F,"I was sleeping in my bed when I woke up in the middle of the night with a huge feeling of being filled with love in my heart for St. Michael the archangel. I felt like I was in love with him and it was strange because I never had felt that way before, but it was beautiful.    ",,Been a ci,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",Some,I worke,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
324,ADC,1080,45,,F,The woman had just had a reading from the psychic and was complaining that the psychic had not communicated with the womans father who had died recently and she was disappointed. Even though I had been psychic myself for many years I didnt event think it was possible for a psychic to communicate with those who had passed. Immediately after I had that thought I saw the womans father standing next to her. He looked at me smiling and told me telepathically that he loved his daughter and would always be with her. He had one hand on her shoulder and the other on her hands which were folded in her lap.    ,,Citizen,1 mill,atheist,atheist,Jewish,Unaffilia,,,never,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,Marriag,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
325,ADC,1547,31,,M,All described in detail above in #43.    ,,Canadian,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",colle,Jazz pi,,marri,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
326,OBE,1254,42,,F,"I was listening to a Coldplay album on my iPod and looking out the window of the plane, relaxing &amp; enjoying the flight. I wasnt paying particular attention to anything and was letting my mind wander when I gradually realized that I was flying, not flying in the airplane, but flying alongside the airplane. It was a wonderful feeling, like the flying dreams that I used to have as a child. The difference was that in my childhood dreams, my body was flying and...and I was asleep. When I was on the airplane, I wasnt sleeping. What happened was that I was listening to the music and then I became aware that I was flying in spirit. That is to say, I saw my body sitting in the airplane but *I* was outside the cabin, in the air just beyond my window. I saw myself there but I wasnt afraid. The whole experience was beautiful. I could feel myself soaring. The freedom and the peace that I felt was amazing. When I first realized what was happening, I just enjoyed it but then,unfortunately, I tried to control it. I wanted to see if I could go up or down and the moment I started thinking, the experience was over and I was back in my body, sitting in the airplane, looking at the clouds outside my window. I stopped the iPod and started the playlist over &amp; over, hoping that if some notes had triggered something, that it would happen again, but nothing further happened.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,founder,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
327,ME ,1029,49,,F,"I pulled onto the Interstate and slid into the left lane. The car in front of me was a red convertible and as I pulled closer I realized that I knew by the vanity plates who the person was driving the car. The plates were HOJO2 and I knew that was the owner of the Howard Johnson Hotel who we knew socially. Then a voice spoke to me and gave me instructions and reasons why all at the same time and in just a few seconds I had been told what I had to do to be safe. The voice explained that the car was about to go got of control and speed into the center median. Then the person driving would over-correct and speed across the interstate in front of me just in time for me to T-bone the car and kill both of us. The voice told me to simply take my foot off the gas and coast...that would slow my car enough to avoid hitting the car and the semis behind me would not hit me. Just exactly as the instructions were completed I took my foot off the gas and the entire scene played out before me. The car started running off to the left into the median kicking grass up and speeding toward the steel barrier...at 1st I thought it would be sliced in 2 right down the middle, but then the driver began to swerve back into my lane. He cut across 2 lanes...and because I had already slowed down ...he missed me by inches...clipped the car behind me and to my right and slammed into the guard-rail on the other side of the interstate.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Sales,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
328,ADC,1019,26,,F,"My experience was not a moment in time event, but rather its like I became aware of my grandpa through intense emotions and became aware that he was trying to tell me something. It takes a few days of this flood of emotion before I realize something is wrong and he is trying to tell me. The best way I can describe my most resent experience is like a gnawing feeling at your core that something is wrong, and at the same time an intense feeling of my grandpa. Not him in the sense of physically being next to me, but this feeling of the love we shared, the grief I felt when I lost him, and replaying the experiences we had together. The thoughts of him flood my mind and almost become distracting. My mind would constantly wander back to thoughts of my grandpa and just intense deep feelings. (The first few times this happened to me was when my two of my grandpas brother died, my uncles father in law was dying and my aunt was diagnosed with cancer it wasnt until afterward that I pieced together my intense feelings surrounding my grandpa and the news). After I became aware of my grandpas presence its like I knew something was wrong, and he was trying to tell me or make me aware of something bad. Knowing something was going to happen was unsettling and my mind would race at the possible events that might happen. Then when my phone rang and it was news my uncle had had a massive stroke, it was instant that this what he was telling me. Knowing that my grandpa is here with me is something I can not describe in words...its a feeling you get deep in your gut that you know everything is going to be alright.    ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Manage,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
329,NDE,1415,3,,F,The eyes in the tunnel kind of scared me and the singing was weird and scary. But the warm breeze going thru me like I was made of smoke was so warm and smart. Filled with so much knowledge and more love than the earth can know.    ,,USA    Q.,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Toddler,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
330,OBE,1465,6,,F,Other than remembering what I did to remove myself and the fact that I would do this and that it was fun I dont remember too much else.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",maste,child,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
331,ADC,1536,43,,F,See Above    ,,dutch,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Remedia,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
332,ADC,1448,63,,F,"In an instant, I was wherever Prince was. I recall the vivid brightness that didnt hurt my eyes but was incredible. I was standing on I would have to say green grass, a more brilliant green than any imaginable. Around me were a few bushes and small clumps of flowers, very brilliant colors but they were not what was interesting me. Ahead and slightly left was a white structure, like stucco, astoundingly brilliant white, think it had an A pitched white roof, and was full of open round arch windows....no actual windows just openings. From my vantage point my brown and white Paint horse, Prince, was on the far side of this structure, racing to the right and then left, then right, I felt in an effort to come to me, but he couldnt. I could see him beyond all these arched openings. Then I was jolted to the reality that I had seen him, he was ok, and I was happily upset.     ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
333,ADC,1141,55,,F,"It happened during the night while I was dreaming. I will never forget it. I told everyone that I knew who would be open to receiving this experience. I remember sitting at a rectangular table. I was at the end. There were three men,I could feel Love and familiarity, The first man filed in front of me the other men I only saw there heads but again I felt I knew them there essence not seeing their faces. I was looking at a man he was young about 30 years old.He was wearing a pink pinstriped shirt,grey hair and handsome. I was crying I held my hands up to my cheeks and was resting there. I said Forgive my for crying but you look just like my DAD!. Not a word was spoken by the team of men. I woke up!    ",,Born and,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Junio,Healing,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
334,NDA,1339,36,,F,    ,,Australia,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,littl,"0 24,999",High,Home ma,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
335,ME ,1116,34,,F,Please see earlier summary.    ,,USA/Brazi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,very strong,none,"100,000+",maste,Wall St,,marri,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
336,DEE,1234,24,,M,"Introduction While I read through \xe2\x80\x9cProof of Heaven\xe2\x80\x9d I was struck by the similarity of several distinct items that were present within a spiritual experience that occurred to me. The items that Dr. Eben Alexander presented in \xe2\x80\x9cProof of Heaven that were similar if not identical to what I experienced are as follows: 1.) Peoples clothes were natural to the environment. 2.) The experiences were perceived to be magnitudes more real than normal life. 3.) The \xe2\x80\x9cglorious chant\xe2\x80\x9d was everywhere and came from many places. 4.) A exhilarating sense of unity with all that exists. 5.) Dr. Eben Alexanders description of communication as, \xe2\x80\x9cthoughts that entered me directly\xe2\x80\x9d is similar to the direct communication with the Word of God that came upon me. The Word communicated as if through every subatomic particle field--not through words but through the Word of God. Although the religious experience written here is in dream format, the information transferred and situations experienced were of a supra consciousness nature. The religious experience developed as an independent psychological process over a twenty year period--from adolescence to adulthood. The religious experience happened to me at age 24 on September 03, 1979. I am 57 years old. Since I was 24 years old I have had no extraordinary psychological experiences. Personal experiences with direct spiritual development of consciousness are eternal and transcend both living experiences and after death experiences. Heaven is not strictly an after death state and something, perhaps a \xe2\x80\x9ccosmic mind,\xe2\x80\x9d interacts with the human brain and shares some obscure affinity with each human mind. In a sense \xe2\x80\x9cIt\xe2\x80\x9d is omnipresent; heaven is all around us but we typically fail to see it. Both living and after death experiences attest to this fact. This experience is of the living variety.  The Trances From age 4 through 21 I had experienced approximately 10 trances that would take me to what seemed like another dimension. My first recollection, of two symbols that appeared in one form or another throughout the trances and in the religious experience, was from a time as a kid with high fever. I saw two sparkling nuns that were walking along an infinite seashore. Children were playing beneath a sun umbrella and fragile autumn leaves blew across the sand. I perceived an infinitely dense black line coming from the sky to crush the leaves, the sun umbrella and the children. I cried out, \xe2\x80\x9cthe line. the line\xe2\x80\x9d as my mother put cold water and rubbing alcohol on my forehead to reduce the fever. The trances stopped occurring during fever (associated with illness) around 10 years old. But I would try to stay awake by watching T.V. late into the night because I knew the trance would take place if I fell asleep and that scared me. Usually when the trance started Id get up out of bed and sit in a chair. The experience then caused the world to fade out. The walls of the room would disappear and a dark space with two huge dense masses of sparkling energy would transfer their energy back and forth through a sparkling, connecting line along which the energy flowed. I had no recognition of my presence. When the one mass would become infinitesimal to the point of disappearing, the other would become dense and heavy. Then I would become frightened. But, eventually, the energy would transfer out of the dense and heavy sparkling mass along the line and back into the one that almost disappeared. The last few times, around 20 years old, when I experienced the trances, the episodes were witnessed without fear. Id get up out of bed, sit on a couch and simply watch the show. Afterwords, I thought that was really strange but it didnt make any sense so I didnt think much of it. When I was 24 years old, at a time when my mind was biologically mature, I had a profound religious experience that seemed to be the end result of the trances. It was in the form of a dream that I could understand. Although this experience was in dream-like symbolism. I experienced it far greater than waking life experiences. Perception and emotion while in it had been enhanced. I often referred to an increase of reality to a magnitude of 10 when recounting the experience. Carl Jung stated that what acts is actual and this experience was actually the most intense experience in my life. Like a dream that you try to recall, while it fades away with the more time that passes between waking and the writing of it, much of the details escaped my memory at the time of writing it. I was in tears and quite overwhelmed upon waking but some parts of the dream that I remember and wrote are still remembered along with the emotional intensity as evidenced in my consistent effort",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Machini,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
337,NDE,1076,19,,F,"Through light tunnel incredibly fast with woshing sound. Arrived in dark space, with life review. Pixel like snapshots of life events. Stopped at times whenI had done something on purpose that was bad. I had been mean and hurt someone physically when angry. It was explained that these were to be judged because my intention was wrong. Intention is the thing. This was communicated telepathically by a kind presence. I didnt feel it was God or Jesus but someone other. The presence had humor and was kind. I was asked what I wanted to do with my life and asked to dig deep. When asked if I wanted to stay I was ambivilant and asked what I REALLY wanted and why. I realized I needed to get back as my mother would be destroyed if I died. She had had multiple miscarriages and lost a live birth boy. If she lose me her only living child, shed be a mess. As soon as I realized this I woke up in the car. A police officer screamed shes alive and I rolled down the window and crawled out of the car. No one could believe it.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,Student,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
338,OBE,1123,19,,M,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
339,DEE,1515,4,,F,"I think I learned that the life i was living there, at that time, was not permanent. I developed ways to cope with my Moms constant anger etc. I somehow knew that i would find love and that my life would get better. It was very very difficult to survive and develop my own internal support system.    ",,citizen U,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I was a,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
340,ME ,1288,40,,F,"Same as above. Also, I saw it as a sign from the Beloved, a message of love and warmth and a reaching out to me in a time of loneliness and sadness. A sign to give me hope and to help me carry on in this journey of life.    ",,Citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Disable,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
341,ADC,1021,31,,F,He took me to a room full of people that had NO faces. I could not hear them talk. my dad reassured me that he was alrigt. He wanted me to stay but the people began to speak and cackle not mean but they protested.    ,,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,Real Es,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
342,ME ,1096,61,,F,"Many people had been asked to send healing to aid my recovery. On this second night,following a total hysterectomy. I saw endless blue lights, in all sizes and shades, from pinpoint to large orbs, they came to me, mostly to area of operation. They followed medical staff in and out of the room, especially ones who seemed dedicated to their work. After injections, I saw a pinpoint of blue light at the site. This night I was in the most pain of my stay, despite maximum analgesics. Even so, I felt very peaceful and coped with the pain. The blue lights came to me all night, entering the room and coming towards me. My feeling was that I was actually seeing healing or the manifestation of healing as a real energy sent by thoughts of healing.    ",,UK    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,retired,,marri,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
343,ME ,1459,21,,M,"I pretty much did above. What I learned was that true Love is expressed as a gift from God. I have had many even more intense experiences since than. Some lasting for over a week, with angels, and engtering a mystical yet very natural at home realm. Being more real than reality!    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,dail,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,College,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
344,ME ,1516,69,,F,"An overwhelming feeling of love descended on me. I cannot adequately describe the feeling. the feeling was all encompassing and enveloped every cell in my body. i had never experienced that kind of love and have not experienced it since. If I could I would live in it. I knew who was sending me that love, it was a parrot that i had as a pet. i sold him to a lady who gave him a great life.   Around that same time the sister that died in 2008 sent me the same kind of love. In both of these cases I did not know that they had died.    ",,Citizen o,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Registe,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
345,DEE,1250,44,,F,"My father had been dead for about 5 years by this time. I dreamed I was in my parents home visiting my mother. Every detail in their home was exact...like I was awake in a dream. I was sitting on a recliner and my mother was sitting on the couch. I suddenly noticed I could not hear her speak. My father appeared next to her and began to speak to me. My mother continued to talk, albeit silently, and did not notice my father. My father told me that my oldest sister had cancer and he just wanted me to know because I have been the care taker in my family. He said it was to be expected because she had been living such a hard life. Then, he slowly vanished into nothingness and I was able to hear my mother speaking again.  Shortly there after the dream ended.     ",,United St,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,RN/hypn,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
346,NDE,1262,24,,F,"I remember being in a long dark tunnel with white lights in the distance. The lights werent real lights but just a white glow at the end of this tunnel. A man was talking to me and he was standing on my left. I did not recognize him except to think that he looked like a football coach with a receding hairline and a whistle around his neck. He was heavy set in frame. He was saying to me, you cant stay here, you need to go back. And I was thinking, I dont want to go back, this feels so good! And I remember this feeling of utter euphoria. Better than any drug or high you could dream of! It was completely peaceful and filled with bliss!    ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,none,"100,000+",colle,Assista,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
347,NDE,1093,29,,F,"The next thing I became aware of after being in the hallway was seeing my body below me. I was lying on a table, my lower half covered in blue draping. There was a doctor handing someting to a person at my right shoulder who took it and quickly and turned her back to me. I saw her arms moving very quickly, but couldn\xe2\x80\x99t see what she was doing. There was blood all over my abdomen. Another doctor was threading something into my chest, he was at my left side. Someone else came into the room to my right.  I was \xe2\x80\x9cfloating\xe2\x80\x9d past the ceiling. I was aware of this detail and found it interesting. I was \xe2\x80\x9cKrista\xe2\x80\x9d but not attached to the body below or the events going on in the room. I was simply an observer. I wanted to keep watching but was pulled to my left by a very strong force. I resisted only for an instant, then knew I must go. It was almost as if I was \xe2\x80\x9csucked\xe2\x80\x9d into this tunnel-like space. There were no defining \xe2\x80\x9cwalls\xe2\x80\x9d, only a static-like grey/white/black type of atmosphere throughout. I was a part of this static. I was moving at lightening speed. There was no time, and I remained Krista throughout the entire event. In the tunnel I next felt the bliss of all-penetrating, all encompassing love. No words can describe this feeling. I was \xe2\x80\x9chome\xe2\x80\x9d. All the questions I\xe2\x80\x99d ever had in my life were answered in an instant. The confirmation I was given was that we are here to love one another. Period. We are here to love. The next thing that happened was I was emerging from the static to a light grey illumination that was sort of milky cloudy in substance. There were beings lined up to my left, waiting for me to arrive. I did not know any of these beings. There was a young boy, around 12, who wore a round brimmed hat, like a child would have in the 1800\xe2\x80\x99s. For an instant I wanted to be there, then I didn\xe2\x80\x99t. I was back in the tunnel very briefly when it opened up to this vast, indescribably beautiful landscape. Breathtaking. I was immensely joyful and so very loved by it and everything. There were bright yellow flowers spread out across the ground in front of me. A forest lay to the right. A rock waterfall surrounded in lush greenery to the left. Past the flowers were undulating green grass hills dotted with trees and a bright blue sky above. It was Eden. It was home. In an instant I was given the choice to leave and I did. I knew I needed to be back here and be a mother. My next memory was of being in the ICU.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Physici,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
348,ME ,1190,54,,F,I felt liquid fire at the top of my head which dripped all the way downward to my chest    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Adminis,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
349,DEE,1261,24,,F,"Earlier in the evening, I was very lonely as my new husband was gone a lot. I had only been married about 6 months, and I was beginning to realize that perhaps I had made a mistake marrying this man...that he wasnt all that in love with me. A few days earlier, I had said a prayer and asked if this was all there was to marriage and asked for help from God even though I want sure if there really was a God.  A few days later, I was asleep next to my husband. And I felt like I was having a dream with this bright light appearing. It was the brightest light I had ever seen...almost a piercing blue white light. I opened my eyes and realized this was not a dream at all! I looked into my closest where the doors were open and out of the left back side of the closest, the light radiated from. I wasnt scared...actually it was quite comforting. I quickly woke my husband up. He couldnt believe what he was seeing either. I kept saying, what is it? Is this real or are we imaging it. We both just sat there for about a minute staring at the light. Again, it was the brightest light I had ever seen but, the light didnt radiate throughout the room but stayed concentrated in the closest. After it disappeared, I just continued to sit up in bed trying to figure out what had just happened. Then, out of the blue, I began speaking in a language that I had never heard. My husband heard me, and thought I was going crazy. I had no idea what was happening. It wasnt scary....just really weird. This continued non stop for about 3 hours until I was completely exhausted and went to sleep at about 6am that am. When I woke up, I was completely perplexed as to what just happened to me. I decided I needed to go talk to someone about this so I went and visited with my priest at the Episcopal church at the time. He tried to explain it but, I was still perplexed as I had never heard of speaking I tongues, nor had I asked to have that given to me. To this day, I can still speak In tongues though I rarely do.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales f,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
350,DEE,1557,45,,F,See question 8 answer.    ,,U.S.    Q,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Co-owne,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
351,ME ,1553,42,,M,It is described in full detail in my webpage that Google brings up in search for nirvikalpa samadhi journey    ,,Born in B,2001 2,agnostic,atheist,Unaffilia,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Underwa,,divor,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
352,ME ,1342,67,,F,"I observed an average looking man resting on an embankment near me. there were no sounds, just an awareness in my mind that I loved him more than anything, and I felt he loved me the same way; again, nothing sexual... just the agape love    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,medical,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
353,DEE,1468,64,,F,    ,,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,I have,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
354,DEE,1086,30,,F,When I felt a hand on my shoulder I knew it was Jesus. All my pain when away. I said thank you and went right to sleep. It never seemed strange to me because I had seen Jesus before as a little girl. It just seemed normal.     ,,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,Mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
355,OBE,1559,49,,M,"I think it was November 2014, I was doing my meditation and this time I focused on my concern about IS and asked why this is allowed to exist. I received instantly an answer. A thick blanket of love came over me from my feet to my head. This was symbolic and like an introduction for the next images. I was shown a large area. A kind of birds eye view was shown to me and a thick blanket of love was pulled over that area which was taken by IS. It became clear to me that this blanket of love was made by numerous souls who were concerned and sending their love. This love was enormous and the concern was like from a mother towards her children. It became clear to me that the love was there and it could heal if people wanted to. It was up to them (the IS-soldiers). Their (the IS-soldiers) decision, their free will, was the result of the mess and suffering. I was told to be not afraid. Never!    ",,Dutch nat,"50,000",spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Diploma,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
356,ADC,1290,62,,F,"On January 4, 2007, I was alone in the kitchen of my home in Ossining, NY. My husband was upstairs working. I like my home orderly and keep everything in its place. It was daytime and I was preparing some food when my eye caught an object by the floor. I looked down and saw a little white square paper wedged up against the dark green backsplash runner by the floor. I picked up the paper. It was actually an empty little envelope with a gold lining inside. The envelope looked like it was opened after it was sealed because it had a rip in the flap. It was the kind of gift envelope that contained a card with someones name on it that youd give with a gift at Christmas. On the front of the envelope was the hand-printed word Dad. It looked like my handwriting but I didnt remember giving my father this envelope in the 2 1/2 years we were communicating just before his passing, and we didnt talk to each other for 29 years previously. In my home, a random and obscure object just doesnt turn up mysteriously in a strange place like that. I stood there with a shocked feeling, staring at the envelope. I thought I knew it came from a spiritual source but I wasnt ready to accept that. I had to rule out all possibilities. I called for Hank to come down and showed him the envelope. I asked if it was his. He said no. I asked if he ever saw this before. No. Could he imagine where it came from? No. I asked if it fell out of the newspapers he recycles in the kitchen. He said no. I told him where I found it and that it came from Holy Spirit. Hank became agitated and got a little angry. He was annoyed that mysterious, spiritual things like this were happening to me and darted back upstairs to his office. I stood there looking at the envelope and asked out loud: Dad, are you here with me now? Suddenly, a brisk wind came across my bare shins and I felt the chills. Then I knew my father was with me. I wanted to know more about this mystery, so I called a cousin of Hanks who was a Deacon at a Catholic Church in New Orleans. I asked Gary what all this meant. He said that God made my father my Guardian Angel and that my father would be watching over me. This was awesome. Although I had had a love/hate relationship with my father, I just loved him now and was happy to know he was with me. I have fond, loving memories bonding with my father in my childhood and enjoying life with him. (Im uploading a photo of this envelope. The envelope is white, although my iPhone or Mac turned the image and its surrounding area pink.)    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
357,ADC,1428,47,,F,"My father came to me in a dream that night. I dont remember if I saw him but I remember him telling me, Get a sledge hammer and give the drum a good knock and it will pop off there. My father was a mechanic and an electrician and I was his family helper with mechanics. He was also a man of few words, so our conversation didnt go beyond that from my recollection.    ",,USA Citiz,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Buddhist,,,seld,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",maste,Masters,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
358,DEE,1293,61,,F,"On August 20, 2006, Holy Spirit visited me. I was creating beaded jewelry that I sold at different outlets. I had finished a line of bracelets and cleared off my beading table, and put away all my beads, to make room for a new line of bracelets I wanted to make. I walked away from the table but when I returned, I saw in the middle of the cleaned-off area a Christian cross made up of small, clear glass pebbles. You know, the kind that are rounded on one side and flat on the other side. I liked these clear glass pebbles and kept a glass of them on my beading table to look at and to play with. The cross was positioned on the table askew--1:00 / 7:00. The lines of the glass pebbled cross were absolutely perfectly straight. The long part of the cross was made up of all one side of the pebbles while the short part was made up of the other side. I stood there and just stared at the glass cross. For the first few seconds, I was in a mild state of shock. I searched my brain to see if I had done that and forgot, but no. I thought if Hank might have done it but didnt think he would have. Then I knew where it came from and got the chills. But I had to eliminate Hank just to be sure, so I called him in. I pointed to the cross and asked if he did this. He stared at the cross and said no. I told him I didnt do it either. I told him that Holy Spirit did it. He didnt say anything about this. We looked at it some more and then went back to work. I tried to Crazy Glue the glass pebbles together to keep it as it was but the round glass pebbles wouldnt hold together even with this glue. The glue residue dirtied up the pretty clear glass pebbles (as you can see in the uploaded image) but I didnt want to clean them off. I wanted to keep them as they were. I put the pebbles in a pretty silk sack and kept it together with my other Signs from God. I went to my spiritual journal and recorded this experience, like I did with all the others. Now I keep these pebbles out in the open in the shape of the cross on a plate with my DAD envelope next to it.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
359,ADC,1497,23,,M,see # 8 above    ,,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
360,OBE,1338,23,,F,"What I learned was the day this happened to me was my fathers birthday he turned 50, he called me the day after and when I said what did you do on your birthday, he said he was away at his caravan, and he spent the whole day of his 50th sitting at the table in the caravan on his own.    ",,Australia,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,never,seldom,avera,none,"0 24,999",High,Bookkee,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
361,ADC,1244,22,,F,At the time it happened I did not attribute a lot to it as I was young and not particularly interested in religion or spirituality. Now I think it was a beautiful gift from a dad who loved me in the best way he knew how.    ,,US Citize,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,moder,very st,"0 24,999",some,Secreta,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
362,ME ,1516,69,,F,"An overwhelming feeling of love descended on me. I cannot adequately describe the feeling. the feeling was all encompassing and enveloped every cell in my body. i had never experienced that kind of love and have not experienced it since. If I could I would live in it. I knew who was sending me that love, it was a parrot that i had as a pet. i sold him to a lady who gave him a great life.   Around that same time the sister that died in 2008 sent me the same kind of love. In both of these cases I did not know that they had died.    ",,Citizen o,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Registe,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
363,ADC,1445,27,,F,I awoke in a lot of pain and saw an orb like light that immediately came to me and helped ease my pain it told me that everything would be okay and not to worry. It didnt really speak it told me telepathically and I immediately thought it was my Grandfather. The orb soothed my pain and I feel asleep. I woke the next day knowing it was not a dream. When I went to the doctor they told my there was no heartbeat of the baby anymore and later told me I may contract Cancer. I was never afraid because I knew my grandfather took my baby to heaven and that I would be okay.    ,,citizen,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Some,Secreta,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
364,ME ,1030,49,,F,"I pulled onto the Interstate and slid into the left lane. The car in front of me was a red convertible and as I pulled closer I realized that I knew by the vanity plates who the person was driving the car. The plates were and I knew that was the owner of the Hotel who we knew socially. Then a voice spoke to me and gave me instructions and reasons why all at the same time and in just a few seconds I had been told what I had to do to be safe. The voice explained that the car was about to go out of control and speed into the center median. Then the person driving it would over-correct and speed across the interstate in front of me just in time for me to T-bone the car and kill both of us. The voice told me to simply take my foot off the gas and coast...that would slow my car enough to avoid hitting the car and the semis behind me would not hit me. Just exactly as the instructions were completed I took my foot off the gas and the entire scene played out before me. The car started running off to the left into the median kicking grass up and speeding toward the steel barrier...at 1st I thought it would be sliced in 2 right down the middle, but then the driver began to swerve back into my lane. He cut across 2 lanes...and because I had already slowed down ...he missed me by inches...clipped the car behind me and to my right and slammed into the guard-rail on the other side of the interstate.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Sales,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
365,DEE,1533,71,,M,First I felt a Presence that started to indicate new exercises . As I was surprise I asked : I recognize a divine presence here and I would like to know Who is it .The response was I am Arc&#225;ngel San Gabriel .From that day on He has been always helping me ro recup&#233;rate my voice . Now I have it 90% back and continue giving recitals.    ,,Colombian,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Layer,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
366,DEE,1155,46,,F,"How unfortunate that I did not have a cell phone to take a photo of that white board. What I would give today to see it again. Somedays I think it was not real, but then again I know I could call the hospital and find this girl again. She was real. Her name was real. And I have truly never heard the name before. The chances of someone with that name working with him are too astronomical for me to contemplate. Whenever I feel that I am alone, I just remember this amazing sign from God.    ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",colle,Server,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
367,NDA,1208,53,,M," While semi-conscious, I was transported to a barren planet where I received a review of my life andwas sure that I would have to spend eternity alone.I was sure I was in Hell. I recived guidance to Return to the church of your youth and atone for your sins I was scared out of my wits.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Colonel,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
368,DEE,1467,46,,M,"I had a sudden, totally overwhelming feeling of being loved. It was so intense it was unbearable. It came with a message (unspoken) with 3 simultaneously delivered components This is how much you are loved You have always been loved thus, and will always be It doesnt matter what you do, you will always be loved this way.  I think the whole event lasted maybe half a second in real time I immediately burst into tears, and cried for about half an hour, crying I think because I had ever doubted that this was so, and that I had been completely unaware of this love. Rather like a lost child being reunited with a loving parent.    ",,british a,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,moder,none,"0 24,999",maste,enginee,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
369,ME ,1169,19,,F,It is hard to describe because using conventional language doesnt fit. Something came over me in which I experienced a feeling (this is not the right word) of complete PERFECTION. I say feeling isnt the right word because it implies emotion. What I experienced was not of any of the five senses. It was the best feeling I have ever had and can only say it was a spiritual experience of perfection. It must have been from what we call God.    ,,I am a ci,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",colle,Chartis,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
370,DEE,1193,31,,F,    ,,usa    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,avera,moder,"0 24,999",colle,real es,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
371,ME ,1073,46,,M,As described above    ,,US Citize,1 mill,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",Did not,Both be,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
372,NDE,1031,19,,M,I didnt want to leave.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
373,ADC,1347,32,,F,see above    ,,legal,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",maste,Social,,marri,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
374,SDE,1278,62,,F,"I was attending a morning funeral of my Bible Study leader, a very kind man named David C., on Saturday, March 15, 2008 at the Trinity Episcopal Church in New York. The large church was packed, as David was much beloved. He was a top executive at Citibank and many co-workers were there. David was a fairly young man at 50 when he passed suddenly of a massive heart attack while he was working out before work at his local gym. While sitting in the church listening to Davids eulogies, his beloved friend and pastor (forgot his name) got up to speak at the front of the church, with Davids coffin near him. I suddenly looked up and midway between the peoples heads and the high ceiling, I saw something that looked different. It was air. Normally, you do not see air but I saw an oval-shaped, contained body of wavy air about 6-7 feet long, hovering near the front of the church where the people were sitting. The wavy air didnt move from its position. It didnt go up or down or right or left. I didnt hear anything, taste anything or touch anything while looking at this image. I just saw it. I didnt feel anything in particular. I just stared at it, without feeling, which is how I usually react when Im witnessing a miracle or something spiritual from God. At some point I stopped looking at it, probably when the funeral was over. In the next day or two I thought about the contained body of wavy air and then I knew that was Davids spirit or soul watching his own funeral, wanting to be there with his beloved wife, sons, family, friends and co-workers. I sent an email to everyone I knew at the funeral to tell them that Davids soul was present with us at his funeral. I hand wrote a note to Davids widow, Cathy, to tell her that David was with her and their sons at his funeral. No one responded to my mail. What the viewing of the wavy air told me was that the Soul and/or Spirit is real. I saw it with my own eyes. Also, that we humans dont really die, we pass on. Yes, our bodies die but our souls are then released and return back into Eternity with God. I like to tell as many people as I can the comforting news that we dont really die, we pass on. And that the Soul, Spirit is real and returns to God when we pass. Some people express comfort to me when I tell them. Some people just stare at me. I feel my job is to just tell people the good news of what I experience spiritually. Whether they believe me or not is up to them. I dont try to convince them that what Im saying is true. I just tell them for them to do with whatever they like.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
375,NDA,1327,46,,F,Please see above description.    ,,USA citiz,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,I worke,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
376,ADC,1252,52,,F,"After what happened to me its impossible not to believe. I have to admit that when life gets tough I have my doubt but I remember Cindy and the vitamins and I said to myself: How can I doubt. Reading Dr. Alexanders book is like a confirmation of my heaven. My description was very thorough. And I have to say that I dont pretend people to believe, but no body can take this experience away from me and I am glad that an atheist was present to be my witness. Even for myself, because this is so unreal that after it happens you find yourself wondering if you are imagening or what.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Before,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
377,DEE,1436,43,,F,Please see question #43. I think Ive said it all there.    ,,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some, After,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
378,ADC,1407,44,,F,"During my few encounters while I was asleep, I always woke up a little amused I had another message from Dad. I always felt his presence in my dream like he was sitting next to me. These were really clear, concise experiences. I experienced him as though he was in his 20s vibrant,strong, full head of hair, but with the persona of when he died in his 80s. The last one I had was the one that had the most dramatic influence on my spiritual life. He communicated with me about something mundane again I actually dont recall the issue now. But after that communication, he told me that he would not be communicating with me anymore. I cant say that it was like a conversation. It was more like just receiving this knowledge in a full block, or like being filled with it. The communication gave me the knowledge that it was difficult for him to be sort of tethered to this world because where he was was so glorious and full of joy that he just couldnt maintain a focus on my world anymoe. With that communication was delivered a sense or an experience of that glory and joy. I was overwhelmed with the thought of it. I woke up in tears for both what I had seen and also knowing that what I thought was an almost funny link to my deceased father that would go on for the rest of my life, was over. I havent heard from him since, but I feel the experience gave me knowledge that I almost wasnt supposed to have.    ",,US citize,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",colle,I am a,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
379,OBE,1054,27,,F,"my consciousness popped out of my body and up over the SUV. I was floating about three feet above the roof. I could see the burgundy color, along with the four metal strips that were supposed to pass for a luggage rack. I took a greater interest in the lush trees and foliage to my right as the SUV continued along the bridge and the land dropped away. With just the slightest desire to have a closer look, I plunged over the side of the bridge and followed the tree line all the way down to the river, a considerable drop of 876 feet. I could see every leaf, every detail. As I skimmed over the water, I could see every rock beneath its surface. Then I headed back up the other side, keeping pace with the SUV my body still resided in. I came along side the vehicle, but I was still curious about the landscape, so I willed myself to separate from the SUV and go off on my own. I had no fear of doing this. I did not feel any excitement or anxiety. I only felt peace, joy and fascination. As I continued to float along the tops of the trees, however, they began to change. They no longer looked like earthly trees. The greens became iridescent, billowing, undulating. Then other colors were added to the greens \xe2\x80\x93 otherworldly colors that glowed as if lit from behind by the sun.  Then the SUV\xe2\x80\x99s driver spoke, and like a shot, I was back in my body. I instantly sat up in my chair and swatted his arm. \xe2\x80\x9cWhy did you have to talk??!\xe2\x80\x9d I asked with just a touch of irritation. He and his wife looked at me as if I had lost my mind until I explained what had happened. They are open-minded spiritual people, and they believed me.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,Graphic,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
380,ME ,1342,67,,F,"I observed an average looking man resting on an embankment near me. there were no sounds, just an awareness in my mind that I loved him more than anything, and I felt he loved me the same way; again, nothing sexual... just the agape love    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,medical,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
381,NDE,1388,54,,M,"Bam!  That had to be a plane, I thought to myself. Nothing else could possibly be moving that fast. The force of the impact had snapped the drivers seat off and I felt the car being catapulted forward. That in itself was alarming.  I had been traveling north on I-75 just north of Atlanta, GA and had just been readying to exit the North Marietta Loop traveling at about 60 mph when the impact from behind had occurred. Just a couple minutes prior I had seen some jets taking off from Dobbins Air Base. It wasnt a plane that hit me though. It was an uninsured 19 yr old driving an unregistered vehicle. Witness reports put his speed at over a 100 mph as he wove in and out of traffic coming up I-75.  The impact caused the back end of my car to jerk out to the right. The wheels on my Toyata Corolla seemed to grab the road surface. I could feel the car begin to turn over. I knew how fast I was going. I knew the car would be turning over and over in a wild tumble. It was without a doubt one of those entire life in a flash moments. There wasnt a lot of time for any lengthy reminiscing though.  Just two thoughts went through my mind. The first was a pondering why Divine Spirit had chosen this time for me. Wow, I really thought Ive learned a lot in this life. Im just at the point in life where I might be able to offer others something worthwhile. Why now?  The second thought was expressed in a spirit of surrendering, God, I really only have one request. Id really like to take all that Ive learned with me to my next life. Please dont require me to learn everything all over again. Reincarnation is something that Im completely familiar and comfortable with.  The car began to flip over. I could hear the metal shearing and the glass shattering all around me. I felt the tumbling effect. I felt like I was inside a long tunnel like whirlpool. In the center of that incredibly fast spinning darkness I saw a bright white light, warm like the sun, very quiet and very serene.  Total silence.  I opened my eyes. Cool, I thought. I made it through this and Im not even hurt! No pain at all!  Then I tried to move. Not so much as a finger responded. I was lying face down, head in the back seat, my feet somewhere up around the area of the steering wheel. A thumb was pressing hard against my nose and lip. I could see that it appeared, by its relative positioning, to be the thumb from my left hand, but it was my right thumb. I could also see that my right arm bent in an awkward position under my throat. God, Im glad Im paralyzed because that would really hurt if I could feel it, I said to myself.  Totally paralyzed, I thought to myself. Quadriplegic. I will be a burden on everyone for the rest of my life.  I then concluded that because I was unable to feel any pain, that I probably had serious internal injuries as well. I would die here, but at least I would die without pain. I thanked Divine Spirit for that blessing.  I could literally feel myself, as Spirit, sinking slowly down and out of my body. It was a deeply sickening feeling. Then I heart a tapping sound. Are you all right? a womans trembling voice asked.  Im paralyzed. Call the police, call the ambulance. I said. At least I could talk, I thought to myself.  That started a flurry of activity. Over the next half hour, I heard sirens, people yelling and screaming, and the unmistakable sound of a helicopter. All the while I laid face down, head in the back seat, not moving. All the doors were jammed. The parameds were frantically trying to reach me and couldnt. They kept saying, Stay with us now, stay with us. They ended up cutting off the entire roof of the car and very carefully they lifted me out. I was placed on a stretcher, moved to level ground, and was immediately given an IV.  At least 5 or 6 medical personal surrounded me. The one directly above my face said to me, Mr., youre going to be all right. Then a womans voice said, Mr., have you made arrangements for organ transplants?  Yeah, I said. Its on my drivers license. I could see the guy directly above me stare down the lady who said it.  Then another voice spoke up. Mr, do you have a living will?  No, I said. I looked up at the guy above me and said, Im in it pretty deep, huh?  He smiled down at me and said Id be fine. Yeah, right, I thought to myself.  They strapped me in the lifeflight helicopter. Off I went to the Atlanta Medical Center Spinal Trauma Unit, the best such facility for hundreds of miles in all directions. Upon arriving I was placed in the operating room recovery room. Apparently there was more room there for all the medical personnel to gather round me.  After being taken for CAT Scans and an MRI I was returned to the recovery room. After the initial blur of activity, another seriously injured person was brought into the room. She was obviously near death. The doctors",,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
382,DEE,1457,23,,F,"I learned on that day, we dont know what is really going on around us. That when we die or close to dying profound things shift.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,I just,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
383,DEE,1318,44,,F,I have a website that tells my entire story at http://www.starfish-story.com/    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Junio,Compute,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
384,DEE,1528,38,,M,"I was leaning in the doorway smoking. listening to music on my I pod. I was in a very sombre mood (feeling sorry for myself) I remember asking for help. There was a line in the song I was listening to about opening my eyes I suddenly began to notice my posture as slouched but I was being drawn up to standing straight, my shoulders were being drawn back and my head back. I just felt a huge power running through me, drawing me up (im quite tall but my head was now pressing against the upper doorframe) I felt strong for the first time in months , like I was being lifted up. my head was being tilted back and upward to the sky. I could see (or more accurately sense) eyes and a smile in the dark rain clouds in front of me. I can remember being aware (it was also in the song I was listening to) that I should open my eyes. All the while this was going on I had this huge energy holding me bolt upright urging me to look at the sky, I can remember feeling so peaceful yet so powerful at the same time. it felt like I was being lifted up. The face in the cloud faded and I literally fell to my knees in thanks (dropping my cigarette) I started to feel fear and this was instantly taken away by what I describe as a divine sense of humor, that told me not to worry about the cigarette getting wet and that it was funny that I had dropped it.(laughing with me not at me) I got up (after some time) and was just full of adrenaline I was shaking but happy.    ",,British N,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Dietiti,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
385,DEE,1540,47,,F,"I lost my father to lung cancer in December 2015. My dad was one of the two people I love more in the world. The experience was tearing, painful beyond words, also due the feeling of being abandoned in the hospice with my dad by the rest of the family, who I felt like they just wanted to get it done and over with. I have never felt more lost, alone and helpless in my life and I could not understand how this could be happening to a loving person like my dad. About 6 months later something very unique happened to me and I still can not make sense of it. I know I had been thinking about my dad that morning, desperately asking him to let me know if he was ok, like I was doing almost every day. I was standing in front of the mirror getting ready for work when I realized that I could see clearly only directly in front of me, while to both sides reality appeared to be melting into some sort of vertical waves. I had the strong feeling of some sort of presence, but at the same time I was getting increasingly scared that something was seriously wrong with me. The experience must have lasted more than 20 seconds, but this is just a guess. As I turned around to go downstairs to ask for help my vision and the room went back to normal. I now wish I did not get so worried because by doing so I might have stopped the experience. Since then I have tried many times to bring back those moments as I really would like to know what all of that was, but with no success. I have read many STE but I have not found anything similar to what I have experienced. I know that whatever it was it was real and I have not imagined it. If anybody has any idea of the significance of my experience I would be extremely grateful if they could get in contact with me to help me understand what happened that day. Thank you.     ",,Italian,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"0 24,999",some,self em,,marri,marri,Unc,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
386,NDE,1010,19,,F,i saw a light; i felt compassion and love; i cant really describe what i heard i guess i also heard compassion and love    ,,citizen,1 mill,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,unemplo,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
387,ME ,1352,41,,F,"I felt excited, happy and when she hugged me a warmth of joy! Words here on earth do no justice to explain how it felt! I remember calling her sister that morning with joy and excitement but also apprehension. would she believe or not. My duty was to my patient who wanted her sister to know she was excited and joyful to be going home! I called Cin, told her I had to speak to her and would it be okay. I was welcomed, I went first to Dee laying in a coma, bloated, ball headed and took her hand. I whispered in her ear, told her I would pass her message on to Cin and gave her a kiss. I told Cin, you are going to think I am crazy and she laughed, stated she already thought that. It made it easy to tell her all and she cried. She stated she believed me without a doubt, for she had experienced something similar when her Mom had died. She thanked me and was glad I told her.    ",,Us    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Certifi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
388,DEE,1453,49,,F,It was a long time ago. I dont remember any sound or light just the most incredible source of love I will never forget.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Airline,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
389,DEE,1152,24,,F,In seeing the color I remember not being able to look away from it because it wasnt anything I had ever seen before and I remember it being so beautiful and bright. It wasnt a shade or combination of any colors that we know of here on earth. It was something I cant describe and I dont even remember what it looks like now I just know that i saw it. In being shown what happens after death I remember some sort of being that was present and showing me and that it didnt seem to have a gender. I was to understand that I would not remember anything upon waking and I understood this as I was aware that I was dreaming in the dream as I was when shown the non existent color. What I was shown gave me the most intense feeling of love and made everything I knew that was stressful and upsetting seem so insignificant. I was left with the clarity that there is so much that we as humans are not to understand or know yet. The feeling was so intense that when I woke up I had tears streaming down my face and a tear soaked pillow. I felt warm and fuzzy and completely at ease.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,moder,very st,"25,000 49",some,Nurses,,single,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
390,ADC,1196,58,,F,"I felt exhilarated to see her! I felt sad to leave her. I was aware of the joyousness of the space I was in. I felt it was a treat and for some reason, I was given this gift. I knew it was not a dream, but an experience. I didnt understand (and still dont know) how this could be, other than my spirit traveled to where she was. She did not come to me. I went to her. Ive had two visits from my deceased father and in those events, he came to me. This was different.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Busines,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
391,ADC,1120,30,,F,It felt like a presence next to me. It felt like the presence put their arm around me to comfort me. It did not feel like an actual person putting their arm around me. But the energy felt that way. And I knew it was my mom. I felt it was her comforting me. There was nobody who could comfort me.     ,,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,undec,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Mental,,single,single,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
392,ADC,1079,58,,M,"My wife of 35 years passed away unexpectedly in her sleep 8-5-11. 28 days after she left as I was laying in bed reading the bible, I turned out the light and heard her voice tell me she loved me and said I hope you fell better. I then felt a great rush of pure joy and love rush through my body. I was not completely asleep because I looked at the clock when I turned out the light and I looked also after she spoke to me and no time had passed.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,self em,,widow,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
393,ME ,1545,62,,M,"I had just arrived at the hotel and decided to take a little nap, to rest after the driving. I left a lamp on, and lied on the bed, half turned to the right and fell asleep. It was a light and pleasant sleep and I awoke after about half an hour. As I opened my eyes, I saw a kind of steam or smoke rising from me. It was more like enveloping me, because as I was still half-turned to the right I saw it was rising from below the side of the bed. It was rising fast, as fast as steam does from a boiling pan of water, but more smoothly. I observed this and the next instant I became a little anxious, because I remembered that something like a haze rises sometimes from people who are dying. So I immediately breathed in and checked my body mentally, but I was fine. But by then I could not see the steam any more. I have to say that as I woke up I was very clear and knew exactly where I was, and when.    ",,Greek cit,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Biology,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,senior
394,ADC,1456,34,,F,"Amanda was radient, she had beautiful dark hair against the all white clothes, her smile was big and honest and happy to see me. I didnt hear anyting really, as soon as I saw her I said HIIIIiiiiiiii, how are you doing?!?!?!?!? Then we have a very long two way conversation.    ",,US    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Owned a,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
395,ADC,1407,44,,F,"During my few encounters while I was asleep, I always woke up a little amused I had another message from Dad. I always felt his presence in my dream like he was sitting next to me. These were really clear, concise experiences. I experienced him as though he was in his 20s vibrant,strong, full head of hair, but with the persona of when he died in his 80s. The last one I had was the one that had the most dramatic influence on my spiritual life. He communicated with me about something mundane again I actually dont recall the issue now. But after that communication, he told me that he would not be communicating with me anymore. I cant say that it was like a conversation. It was more like just receiving this knowledge in a full block, or like being filled with it. The communication gave me the knowledge that it was difficult for him to be sort of tethered to this world because where he was was so glorious and full of joy that he just couldnt maintain a focus on my world anymoe. With that communication was delivered a sense or an experience of that glory and joy. I was overwhelmed with the thought of it. I woke up in tears for both what I had seen and also knowing that what I thought was an almost funny link to my deceased father that would go on for the rest of my life, was over. I havent heard from him since, but I feel the experience gave me knowledge that I almost wasnt supposed to have.    ",,US citize,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",colle,I am a,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
396,ME ,1219,5,,M,"A small room in the basement of my parents friends house in the suburbs of LaPorte, IN. My parents friends 5 year old son went downstairs to the basement to play and I followed him. He went into a small room and I followed him. The rights side of the room was filled with clouds or dense fog with bright beaming lights. My friend then went into the fog and disappeared. He told me he would be right back. I tried to follow him but was held back by an invisible force. I heard animal sounds, like horses an elephants. I waited basically frozen, then he reappeared and walked out of the clouds and we exited the room.    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,moder,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
397,OBE,1135,28,,M,"I EXPERIENCED MYSELF LOOKING DOWN AT MYSELF DRIVING MY CAR AND OUT OF BODY. I THEN EXPERIENCED A HAND PLANTING A SEED THAT BLOOMS QUIKCLY INTO A SUNFLOWER THAT THEN SPOINS AND AS THE STALK DROPS AWAY A GLOBE FORMS UNDER IT AND STARTS TO SPIN AND THEN ALL THE SEEDS IN THE HEAD OF THE SUNFLOWER SHOOT OUT IN THIER HELICAL PATTERN AND WRAP THE GLOBE, NOW THE EARTH IN SEEDS OF LIGHT. THEN I WAS BACK IN THE CAR ADN THEN BACK AT HOME. IT TOOK MY MOTHER SEVERAL DAYS TO CONVINCE ME SHE WAS NOT WITH ME IN THE CAR. SHE WAS THE FIRST PERSON I ENCOUNTERED AFTER, UPON ARRICING AT MY HOUSE A FEW BLOCKSD AWAY. IT TTOK A LOPN LONG TIME TO INTEGRATE IT AND I WAS VERY OVERWHELMED. I CAME TO THE CONCLUSION THAT god WAS TRYING TO GIVE ME A KICK IN THE ASS AND SAY YOU ARE ON THE WRONG PATH AND **this ** IS THE REAL THING    ",,American,"251,00",spiritual,atheist,Other,Other,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",High,STRUGGL,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
398,ME ,1379,49,,F,"I wish my daughter was writing this but I can share my experience. My daughter and I are very close. We have an unusually amazing mother \xe2\x80\x93 daughter relationship. I was scared during the 30 minutes she was in the cabinet and the lights were out. I stayed hyper aware of my surroundings. I knew Mychael was the real deal but I had a small amount of doubt in my mind that apporting was real and not a show. Inside the cabinet were s&#233;ance trumpets. One of the s&#233;ance trumpets was in front of my daughter but far enough away that she could not tip it over. She was seated in a chair, in the middle of the cabinet. After chanting, I heard something in the cabinet. It sounded like feet shuffling. Then, the trumpet tipped over. I got scared! I asked Mychael what he was doing and he told me it was not him. He was sitting in his chair the entire time and no one else could have possibly entered the space. He told me he thought an Ascended Master was trying to use the trumpet to talk to us! I began to shake! I have never been near anything like this. I am open-minded but full of old dogma from the JW religion. All my fears came up. I was scared but stayed silent. Soon, I felt the curtain on the cabinet brush across my foot. Mychael and I were sitting just outside the cabinet curtains so I would feel comfortable with my daughters training. Now, I am really getting freaked out. I could hear the pvc pipes that hold the curtains on the cabinet creaking. I checked with my hand to be sure Mychael was not pulling a prank on me. He wasn\xe2\x80\x99t; he was right there next to me in his chair. In all the years that Mychael has been trying to train people to apport, no one has apported! Especially not on their first try.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"100,000+",maste,She is,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
399,ADC,1035,61,,F,"To continue the above, I knew that this had to be a sign from Herb. He was letting me know that he was around and that he was okay. I had once owned a volkswagen bug that I was fond of before I met Herb. I had told him how I missed that car. To have a volkwsagen bug in front of me with the license plate Herbie at just that time and place indicated to me that Herb was okay and was still alive in some form. I was comforted. Since then, I have had other signs from him that would be only meaningful to me, but that I know are from him.    ",,citizen,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",docto,educato,,widow,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
400,OBE,1341,66,,F,"I decided to take a Past-Life Workshop in the small, homey office of a hypnotist in Katonah, New York last year. Besides the hypnotist, another woman and myself were present. Before the session started, the pleasant hypnotist explained that she was going to hypnotize us. (I tried hypnosis one other time in my life but I couldnt be hypnotized. I thought, however, that I would try it again.) She said we would be going down a long flight of stairs. As we went down, we would be getting more and more tired. When we reached the bottom of the stairs, we would be hypnotized. Then she would direct us to go into a room where we would see who we were and where we were in our past life. It all sounded pretty okay, nothing scary. So, sitting in comfortable chairs, we closed our eyes and the leader directed us down a long flight of stairs. I remember the stairway was dark, but not frightening, and I was getting more and more tired. At the bottom of the stairs, she told us to open the door in front of us and go into the room but I saw a window opened and I flew out instead. I flew out into the dark universe. I wasnt in a spacecraft, it was just me flying. I remember just flying around in the darkness but not feeling afraid. I have a sensation that I was a young woman then, not my senior age at the time of this STE. I never actually heard anything. My experience was silent. I dont remember feeling cold or hot, but just right. I was wearing an ordinary set of clothes--pants and a top. I remember loving the experience of flying. I felt peaceful, serene and happy. I was flying alone, although I have a sense that my husband, Hank, was there from time to time. I remember seeing faraway stars and planets but I didnt land on anything. I was in heaven, in more ways than one. At some point I became aware that I was struggling to do something--waking up. I didnt want to leave the universe, I was enjoying flying so much, but I was awakening to my present human reality in the hypnotists office. When I awoke, the other woman was already awake. The hypnotist asked me if I was okay. I said yes. She said I was having a hard time waking up. She thought I fell asleep but I told her I wasnt sleeping. The other woman talked about her experience and then I talked about my flying experience. The woman and hypnotist didnt say anything while I was describing my OBE. The session ended pretty much there. I remember feeling strange about being in this strange world on Earth. I wasnt sure I was okay enough to go out into the street and drive my car home, but I was. I can still feel myself flying in the dark universe, feeling peaceful and happy. I hope that, when Im on my deathbed, I am able to call upon this feeling when it is my time to pass on into Eternity.          ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
401,PLR,1194,42,,F,See #43.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",post,Clinica,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
402,ME ,1311,61,,F,"In September 2006, Hank showed me a story and picture in our local New York newspaper, The Journal News, of the current Pope Benedict making a personal, nonofficial, visit to see the Veil of Veronica in Italy. Yes, the cloth that Jesus used to wipe his face and miraculously imprint his face on during the walk to his death is actually framed and protected by the Capuchin Monastery in Manoppello, Italy today. The Popes visit took place on September 1, 2006, the 500th Anniversary of the cloth being in this monastery. I was immediately drawn to this story. After reading and researching it in Wikipedia, an official Catholic newspaper, etc., I had a Knowing that this picture was truly Jesuss face. I have His face all over my home, in my car, in my wallet and I give out this picture to whoever wants it. You can see Jesuss face for yourself. Ive uploaded a picture of who I believe is Jesus. You can also see his face and the story in a Google search of: Holy Face of Manoppello. Youll see a close-up, brass-colored picture of a mans face with bruises on it and his nose looks broken. His mouth is slightly open, revealing his teeth. Six years later, I still believe 100% that this is the face of Jesus.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
403,ADC,1173,34,,F,"Sunday morning at a local antique car show with my family I was overcome by a message in my head from a grandmotherly voice. You can eat less, you will still be fed. You dont have to fear not being fed, it is a different time now. I knew pretty quickly that the message was for the intuitive. However, I did not want to pass on the message. As a psychiatrist I was keenly aware that such a message could be exceedingly destructive to a person with a history of an eating disorder. I resisted the STE...this only made the message louder and more difficult to ignore. It repeated not only in my head but in my body, insistent. I felt myself becoming rapidly ill. My body ached as though I had the flu. Within 30 minutes I had to leave my family at the antique care show and go home. At home I tried vainly to ignore the pounding message and sleep to no avail. Finally in desperation I said aloud okay, already, Ill tell her. I sent the intuitive an email explaining the situation and while I had extreme doubts about the social moire and the professional impropriety of my action, as soon as I sent the email I was flooded with relief. The flu-like symptoms and the message vanished. I crawled to bed and slept deeply for several hours until my family returned (as I have never done before.) It was several days before the intuitive finally contacted me and told me that she had prayed to her grandmother the friday before I met her asking desperately for help with her weight gain. The intuitive was perplexed that she normally receives insights for her clients, yet here was a straight-laced ivy league educated physician being contacted by her grandmother with literally the answer to her prayers. When I saw the same intuitive two years later for a brief ten minutes, she revealed that the message had quite literally changed her life. Specifically she had been able to return to her typical body weight easily and without dieting and maintained it for the intervening time. Secondly she had secured a new job and a book deal where my message to her was the climax of her autobiographical book!    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",post,Physici,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
404,OBE,1133,39,,M,"The night before I had this experience was a very emotional point in my life, the world seemed so terribly unjust and cruel that I was at a breaking point, that evening when arriving home walking from my car to the front door I paused to look up into the star filled sky with tears rolling down my cheeks quietly cried Why, why, why? I could not understand how the complete innocents of this world could be treated so terribly, how children could suffer so unjustly under the hand of others. I cried to sky as the universe because I could not believe in a God and had little faith in anything spiritual, if any.  Since rejecting the belief in God at the age of about 22, I did not believe such a thing could exist, because any such God which would allow these kinds of things to happen wasnt any kind of God to me. I couldnt pray to the concept of God but the universe was real, the immense out there, the all that is was something I could pour out my heart to without needing a belief in God. That night I gave the heavens my full heart seeking an answer to that question, with all my heart tearfully pleading for the answer. The next afternoon I received an answer to that question; since we are all a part of one another we do it to ourselves.  Although the answer didnt completely make up for all of the pain, much of the edge of that pain was taken off by finally being able to understand why such terrible things could happen to others in our world, to simply understand we have the freedom of choice to do such things because in the wider perspective the reality is we are all one and in that hurting no one else other than ourselves. Because of this and this alone we are allowed the freedom to do good or evil, if we werent really one I do not believe the spiritual heart of life would allow such to occur, call that center God, the conscious collective, the collective soul or what ever name you might choose. I finally came to understand, in the end we all pay the price for any wrong as well as reap the reward for any good and this took away much of the anger I had against reality for allowing terrible things to happen to good people.  The following is how the answer came to me through a dream-vision which was the most lucid moment of my life before or since but I must also add the following; the experience and my conclusions from it are my own made from who I am as a individual and how I saw the experience. Was it really God on high I met? I thought it was but beyond my own belief I cannot say it was, perhaps I met a collective soul which was so wonderful to me I thought it was God when in fact God might be levels above, so to speak,.   The Vision: Meeting a Sun-Intelligence-God. Sun of Souls~Souls of Sun; One Spirit~One Life.  Note: This experience was no doubt individually viewed through my own shade of colored glasses, limited to my own ability to understand things at the time, how I needed to be shown who we really are. This may have been brought on by severe apnea, a problem I had where I could stop breathing for long periods of time. I believe I may have stopped breathing for far too long that afternoon and had come close to death producing this NDE-like experience. I dont really know if this was a OOBE or due to apnea, but either way, what ever caused the experience it deeply impacted my outlook on life, what and who we really are.  One warm afternoon in 1996 I took a short nap and unexpectedly awoke within my slumber to find myself in a vast void in the presence of a huge sun or sphere of light, quickly coming to the understanding that this sun was pure conscious awareness. I was completely surprised to find myself so fully conscious in this empty but light-filled void which I knew to be more real than waking reality, in this place feeling super-conscious beyond anything I had experienced before. Although the light was without any kind of visual hint of facial features, I strongly sensed it smiling nothing but love for me and through those feelings knowing an unseen face.  While in the presence of this light I immediately and fully felt it peering deeply into my own awareness, lovingly knowing everything about me all at once. Feeling such love coming from this light I suddenly came to an awareness that this sun was God! I was so overwhelmed and surprised that God was real that I mentally gasped and then yelled out, \xe2\x80\x9cYou\xe2\x80\x99re Real!\xe2\x80\x9d. Just prior to this experience I had a deep mistrust of religion and rejected the concept of any kind of God or creator, much less the idea there was any continuation for human beings beyond our physical lives. Years before this experience, I had decided for many seemingly valid reasons that religion and God were only a product of the human mind, yet there I was standing in the presence of what I knew without a doubt wa",,USA    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",Did not,Satelli,,marri,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
405,DEE,1511,34,,M,Please see enclosed attachment for full story    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,I worke,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
406,ADC,1173,34,,F,"Sunday morning at a local antique car show with my family I was overcome by a message in my head from a grandmotherly voice. You can eat less, you will still be fed. You dont have to fear not being fed, it is a different time now. I knew pretty quickly that the message was for the intuitive. However, I did not want to pass on the message. As a psychiatrist I was keenly aware that such a message could be exceedingly destructive to a person with a history of an eating disorder. I resisted the STE...this only made the message louder and more difficult to ignore. It repeated not only in my head but in my body, insistent. I felt myself becoming rapidly ill. My body ached as though I had the flu. Within 30 minutes I had to leave my family at the antique care show and go home. At home I tried vainly to ignore the pounding message and sleep to no avail. Finally in desperation I said aloud okay, already, Ill tell her. I sent the intuitive an email explaining the situation and while I had extreme doubts about the social moire and the professional impropriety of my action, as soon as I sent the email I was flooded with relief. The flu-like symptoms and the message vanished. I crawled to bed and slept deeply for several hours until my family returned (as I have never done before.) It was several days before the intuitive finally contacted me and told me that she had prayed to her grandmother the friday before I met her asking desperately for help with her weight gain. The intuitive was perplexed that she normally receives insights for her clients, yet here was a straight-laced ivy league educated physician being contacted by her grandmother with literally the answer to her prayers. When I saw the same intuitive two years later for a brief ten minutes, she revealed that the message had quite literally changed her life. Specifically she had been able to return to her typical body weight easily and without dieting and maintained it for the intervening time. Secondly she had secured a new job and a book deal where my message to her was the climax of her autobiographical book!    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",post,Physici,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
407,ME ,1294,61,,F,"During the summer of 2006, Hank and I were at an outdoor party at a swim club in Basking Ridge, New Jersey. We had met this group of people the year before, so they were new to us. It was a sunny day and I was talking to a very suntanned man everyone called Mike the Painter, to distinguish him, I suppose, from all the other Mikes. While I was talking to Mike, his whole face suddenly turned a deathly gray color. It happened in a snap, as if you turned on a light and boom! I guess it was shocking to see because my brain took a couple of seconds before I realized that his face had changed to gray. His face was gray for several seconds and then it snapped back to his normal tan color. I stood there staring at him. I dont remember what he was saying. I do not drink or do drugs. After that happened and in the next day or two, I remember thinking about Mikes face and wondering if it did indeed turn gray. I couldnt believe I saw his whole face a gray color. I tried to disbelieve this experience had happened to me. I tried to deny that his face had turned gray. But every time I tried to deny it, I kept affirming that I did indeed see that Mikes face instantly turned gray, stayed gray for several seconds, then instantly turned back to tan. Since Im a visual person and a visual artist, I couldnt deny that I saw his face was gray because my mind sort of takes a picture of it and, also, I was able to call it up in my memory and I would see it again, so I couldnt really deny the gray color. I ended up believing that this happened, even if I didnt understand why it happened or why I saw it. A day or two later I understood what I saw and why I saw it. Mike was a heavy smoker. He was usually smoking a cigarette whenever I saw him. I believed that God wanted me to warn Mike to stop smoking or hell pass at a young age. I waited a whole year before I got up the courage to tell Mike. I didnt want this new group of friends to think I was a religious zealot or crazy. So that summer I went up to Mike and told him what I saw and that I was meant to pass this warning to him. I apologized if he thought I was a zealot but Mike stopped me and said he was Catholic and believed that people see signs from God. He said he wasnt going to stop smoking and thanked me for telling him. I saw Mike every summer for a few years after that time and noticed that he was still smoking. Hank and I have since changed our summer plans so I dont expect to see Mike at that location again.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
408,ME ,1551,25,,M,I explained everything in detail in the previous section.    ,,Iranian n,"100,00",atheist,spiritual,Muslim,Muslim,,,weekly,never,moder,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
409,ADC,1257,37,,F,"I felt sure and confident that it really was Christian talking to me in my thoughts. I was also a little intimidated by his expectation of me. I had never felt a strong compulsion to do something someone asked me to do. I felt at peace when it was over, but I also felt the weight of what I was asked to do.    ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
410,ME ,1478,46,,M,"This life changing event happened to me the latter part of October 2004  For many years I\xe2\x80\x99d been searching for a closer walk with God and financial success. My library of books and tapes are very extensive. I have read many books over twice and listened to tapes and CD\xe2\x80\x99s over and over and over again. I\xe2\x80\x99d started this learning process about 5 years ago and for the last three years I\xe2\x80\x99ve gotten very serious about it. So much so that I don\xe2\x80\x99t read the paper, I don\xe2\x80\x99t watch the news on TV and my TV time is limited to almost nothing. I\xe2\x80\x99ve rented about 5 movies in the last five years. No movie theaters and I\xe2\x80\x99d recently turned off the car radio of any type of media or learning material and just thought positive thoughts while driving. The books that I read are the Bible, books on how our minds work, books on Personal Development and Spirituality. However I really didn\xe2\x80\x99t actually believe that the Spirit world existed So one day I have no Idea how I got there but I\xe2\x80\x99m on the website of a well known Success coach and trainer. On her site an interesting book catches my eye. I order the book and it arrives quickly. I start reading the book and it makes allot of sense. About a third way through the book I come upon a passage that says \xe2\x80\x9cOk, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to now tell you about my 5 agreements in business not to be confused with the Four Agreements of Don Miguel Ruiz. If you want to learn about his four agreements you can get his book titled the Four Agreements and read about them\xe2\x80\x9d.  Nothing else was mentioned about that subject and I kept reading. About 3 pages after that statement I felt compelled to go back. I found the author and the title of the book \xe2\x80\x9cThe Four Agreements\xe2\x80\x9d. I was sitting at my desk in front of my computer so I went to Ebay and clicked on a Buy It Now and had the book in my hand three day\xe2\x80\x99s later. I thought it came to me very quickly. The book is written I am told, at a sixth grade level and it has about 140 pages. So I ate it up and read it in about 3 days. After reading it I thought to myself. This book makes so much sense. Just 4 agreements and I don\xe2\x80\x99t have to memorize a bunch of affirmations and make sure that I find the right one to say for the situation in my stack of 3X5\xe2\x80\x99 cards. I\xe2\x80\x99m thinking this is one of the best books I\xe2\x80\x99ve read and it\xe2\x80\x99s so simple to understand and implement. So I go in for round two with this book. I\xe2\x80\x99m going to read it again. About half way through the book is when it happens. My vision: It\xe2\x80\x99s 10:00am and I\xe2\x80\x99m sitting at my home office desk reading the book for the second time. The morning light is shining through my French doors. I\xe2\x80\x99m about half way through it when the room goes dark. I turn my chair to the left toward the light switch to see who\xe2\x80\x99s there. I stand and I drop the book to the floor out of my left hand. My desk is to my right. The book lands on a wood floor, bounces a couple of times and makes an echo like a book bouncing on a wood floor in an empty room. (The floor in my office is carpeted) I look around my room and it\xe2\x80\x99s not my room anymore. It\xe2\x80\x99s now as large as a high school gym and empty of everything except for my desk and chair and the floor is wood. My Room looks like an empty school gym. It is then that I see my office door. It\xe2\x80\x99s glowing and the colors on it have changed from white to Lapis Blue and the handle on the door is glowing an Orange/Gold color. The door appears to be breathing in and out. On it\xe2\x80\x99s in breath the door is puffed up and show cracks with the orange/gold color in them. The door and handle are illuminated like they\xe2\x80\x99re ready to explode and catch fire. I see smoke coming in from the door jam around the door frame on its out breath. I walk slowly to the door and grab the handle. I turn it clockwise and crack the door open about an inch to peak outside my room. An intense and bright white light comes through the one inch space. It startles me because of its intense brightness and the speed at which it came through the door so close to my face. The light is just like a laser. It is focused. It\xe2\x80\x99s not like it\xe2\x80\x99s flooding the room with light it\xe2\x80\x99s like a laser beam of bright white/golden light 1 inch wide and as tall as the door. In the light are many small brown particles about the size of pencil erasers. They\xe2\x80\x99re floating and moving along in the light, going by me, not real fast as they come in the door.   Then I open the door all the way. The door opens inward and from left to right. (as it normally would in my office) Immediately upon",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Before,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
411,DEE,1157,20,,F,"I was dreaming. I saw a being that seemed feminine. He/she had long silvery/blond/fair hair...in what I describe as being a blue garment, and surrounded in the brightest, bluest light I had ever seen. He/she was communicating with me. I felt a lot of love and care coming from this being...he/she loved me and was telling me important information about something that was going to happen soon. He/she was preparing me for something. When I awoke, I remembered no words. I couldnt tell you what he/she said because I remembered nothing of the conversation.  A little while later, days of weeks, I dreamt that I was at a party and i was telling someone that I had had a baby girl, but she had died.    ",,Australia,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Some,Mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
412,NDE,1192,10,,F,"Coolness. Being wrapped up in peace. Movement forward. Again, no voice, but a sound. I can still hear it. A whooshing of sorts. it was so comforting. Amazing.    ",,Citizen U,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Child,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
413,DEE,1298,41,,F,"I woke up and told my husband I needed to go to my sons grave, he assured me everything was fine and that he would drive me down to the cemetary early in the morning. I lied awake all night waiting for morning to come, finally we got to the cemetary and I couldnt believe my eyes!  The cemetary workers had dug a grave next to my sons grave, but it was so close to his that you could almost see my sons coffin, it was as if the body that was being buried there was practically in the same grave. Seeing the depth of the grave and how close it was to my sons was unbelievable just like in my dream accept to the side of my sons grave. My sons flowers and things were thrown further up away from his grave, I was furious, that my son was being disturbed.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Self-Em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
414,ME ,1129,25,,M,See above.    ,,US citize,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,undec,none,"0 24,999",Some,Oh geez,,single,single,Yes,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
415,DEE,1349,44,,F,"At that moment when I was in despair, I felt a physical touch in the middle of my forehead, on my third eye, which is what I was told later. It actually gently pushed my head into my pillow. At that moment I felt the most incredible sensation of love, acceptance and forgiveness that I have ever experienced. It only lasted a few brief seconds, but I was absolutely changed forever by the experience.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Freelan,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
416,ADC,1539,20,,F,"I awoke to find the car slowing on an exit ramp. The car stopped gently just in front of my grandfather, who stood with his hand out to stop it. Although I never met my grandfather he died before I was born I immediately recognized him. I smelled a distinctive smell very clean with a slight tang of either a spicy aftershave or pipe tobacco, like the really nice scent you may experience passing a fine tobacconists shop. My mother later told me that is what my grandfather smelled like. He stopped the car my feet were not on any pedals, nor was I still steering. He looked me in the eye and I heard a clear voice but inside my head, not through my ears telling me to pull into the parking lot and take a nap. He told me not to think about setting an alarm and that I would wake up when I was sufficiently rested to drive again. He also said to eat a decent breakfast before leaving, and told me exactly where to park just outside the diner in what he called a safe spot. He said he would get us home safely but that I was never to attempt to drive straight through again.    ",,Native bo,"100,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,College,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
417,NDE,1024,65,,F,"I saw disturbing things at first, my sister having surgery which she did not survive this is only interesting because at the time I was having this event my sister was hospitalized in Tampa for a cardiac event too although I had no knowledge of this at all. She had an angio and had complications including bleeding and hematoma but she survived this. I did not mention to her for some months that I saw this in a dream and have never told her she did not survive it. I did see my mother during this STE and told her about it.    ",,US citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Junio,Medical,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
418,DEE,1295,5,,F,"I was about 5 years old. I was going through emotional trauma because my parents were divorcing and my beloved father had suddenly, without warning to me, and permanently left our home, leaving me to fend for myself with my withdrawn, unaffectionate mother and my older sister who hated me. One day I was leaving our 6th floor apartment to visit a friendly neighbor. I opened the front door but I stood on the threshold and couldnt go any further. I looked down the long dark hallway but I couldnt take a step off the threshold and out onto the hallway floor. Even though I walked down this dark hallway many, many times before, on that day I couldnt move. I was physically paralyzed. I tried to turn around to go back into my house but I just stood there unable to move. I couldnt move in any direction. My mind wanted to move but I couldnt get my body to move. Then a strange thing happened. I saw an ethereal mist surround me in the shape of a cocoon and it began to wrap itself around me, starting at my feet, going up and stopping at my neck. My whole body, including my arms, was wrapped in this mummy-like cocoon. It made me feel safe, protected and warm. It calmed me down. Then I got an idea how to break out of the paralysis. I suddenly put out my arms and began to twirl off the threshold. I twirled and twirled all the way down the long hallway. I remember my twirling became a habit because I was twirling in my home, in the hallways and in the streets. I thought I was dancing. I think that people thought I was dancing. I feel that Holy Spirit came to me on that day to protect me and to help me.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,I was a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
419,DEE,1404,21,,M,". I \xe2\x80\x9cImagined\xe2\x80\x9d in my head fields of daisies and the beach. I felt many sexual sensations that were very real and believed a woman was making love to me. I heard too many voices to say specifics. I felt terrified, weak physically, burning foul hot energy consuming me, energy that was directed towards me because I was weak, taken advantage of energetically. I felt beauty and true love. I realized how strong I was. Going through Hell like a brave soldier, taking the assault and spiritual violence \xe2\x80\x9crape\xe2\x80\x9d and enduring it as a cross to bare. Knowing only that I was good and I was in a realm of evil. Yet guided by my true love. Many hallucinations-auditory, tactile, olfactory, gustatory. Looking back I realize that I was lost in a world I didn\xe2\x80\x99t belong, that the higher powers had reached me and I was beginning the process of \xe2\x80\x98Waking Up\xe2\x80\x99. And that I was always a being of pure innocence and goodness. And that the evil world, or reality that I had been living in was torturing and giving me Hell because the last thing it wanted was for me to wake up.    ",,"British,",1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,unemplo,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
420,PLR,1006,31,,F,"I was meditating, as I had done hundreds of times before. All of the sudden, I had an experience that felt like a past-life experience. First, you should know that I am a petite female (52, very slender). But in my meditation, all of the sudden I was sitting on a horse and it was sometime around the 10th or 12th century. I was a large man. I could feel my heft. I was wearing a helmet and some kind of armor and vest that had a chain design of some sort. It was heavy.  I had just returned from war. I was going home to my wife and children. I was sitting on my horse, on a hill, looking down at the house towards the right. It was a very long single story house that had a series of very small windows that ran horizontally across the house, and it had a dark roof that looked like it was made of straw or some textured material. It was a dark color and I could see lights from candles inside the house. I knew my wife and children were in there, waiting for my return. I sat and looked at the house and had a feeling of sadness. I was happy to be home but I felt that this life was so hard, war was so hard. It was just a feeling of life being a burden, and feeling sad about all of it. The house was down towards my right, below the hill, and if I looked to my left I could see a harbor which is where I had some from. There were boats. I remember that it was very cold. And I remember that I could feel my heft. Like I could actually feel what it felt like to be that large. I knew what the name of the harbor was. Then all of the sudden I was standing on something that is hard to describe it was like a wooden platform or large wood cart with wheels and it was being pulled by horses. I was standing on it and holding the reigns while the horses pulled this thing I was standing on. We were entering a castle. I worked at the castle. I was some kind of fighter. And then I came up out of my meditation.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,never,never,avera,very st,"0 24,999",docto,Graduat,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
421,ADC,1405,47,,F,"I instantly told my husband My father just caressed my cheek, as I looked at the clock to see the time (4:45 approximate).    ",,U.S.    Q,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
422,NDE,1065,42,,M,"From an account I wrote for my family and friends in 2001. The big event happened one night while we were visiting the Oregon Coast. We had not planned to spend the night- but did at the last minute. The only available motel was an older place with horrible soft, old mattresses. From what I can figure out- halfway through the night, while kind of curled up against the wall, I slipped off the mattress, and got wedged between the wall and the mattress. I then had an apnea attack- and the inability to move, or breath, sent me into some state of cardiac failure. This is all conjecture, and only supported by the mild abnormality in my EKG over the past years since. Whether I coded or not, is really not at the heart of the issue or my experience. There are tons of debates regarding what really happens when you die by both medical and theological theorists worldwide. I can only relate what I experienced.  I admit that even as I write, it sounds like science fiction- but I can assure you that it happened- and I believe it to be real in every sense.  Without trying to be overly dramatic, the next events were what I have found to be in subsequent studies, a classic Near Death Experience. I did not see myself in bed (many report floating over their bodies), as the room was too dark- but I was blasted through an amazing tunnel (plasma? lights? not sure) of brightness that brought me ever closer to an unbelievable bright light. In what seemed like minutes (regular time does not seem to apply)- I arrived in a place that was so overwhelmingly bright and swimming with fluid colors of the entire spectrum, that I did not at first realize that I was without my physical body. While I could see- or at least had a sense of the vision that I was seeing- I could not see my hands. It was about this time that my experience was significantly different than others I have read about.  I realized what was happening, and I was not happy about it. Almost immediately, I started screaming, in a voice that I could hear in my head- but could not physically perceive- No f***ing way! (except there are no asterisks in heaven) NO! I am not finished yet! I still have young children- I have not seen my life through yet! NO Damn It! I continued with a stream of verbal abuse of anyone that was listening\xe2\x80\xa6in very profane language, until I heard another voice say, OK\xe2\x80\xa6relax\xe2\x80\xa6its not your time.  I knew at that moment, two very clear truths to be real. First, I was not going to die yet (or stay dead if I was). Second, there was a God and an afterlife beyond our life on earth. Then things got strange, interesting and terrifying.  Unlike other NDE experiences I have read about, I did not see anyone, or feel the presence of Jesus, or Buddha, or Allah. Nor did I see a physical presence of any of my relatives that had passed before me- although I had a feeling that they were there with me.  What I did see was a much brighter place, perhaps 30-50- feet away (I had no real clear understanding of depth or ratio) that seemed almost to pull at my heart (if I had a heart) to come closer. I was awash with a complete feeling of peace, calm and contentment whenever I looked in the direction of this portal. And yet I knew, that moving into the portal would certainly mean that I would not be able to return to my life on earth.  Without speaking, and yet speaking and understanding what was spoken to me, a conversation ensued that changed my life.  You are troubled\xe2\x80\xa6 the voice said. Your need to know the truth about your life, is holding you back from living your life to the fullest.I agreed without speaking.  You must understand the gift to be able to enjoy and treasure the gift that you have been given, the voice said. At this time, while the voice was neither clearly male or female (I realize that does not make a lot of sense), I knew that the communication was coming from all that is\xe2\x80\xa6all that was\xe2\x80\xa6all that ever shall be. The voice was that of what I understood to be God. And yet- even then- while thinking this, it was evident that the entity knew what I was thinking- and chastised me for doubting, or trying to figure out its very existence.  In order to understand that which you feel you must understand to be happy, you must first know what you need to change in your life on earth, the voice said.  In an instant, I was seeing my life in review- first all of the wonderful feelings that had brought joy into my life. I saw all of the incredible events of my life when love, the most powerful positive force in existence, was most present in my life. Childhood memories, my first real loves, the births of my children, the first time I knew I loved my wife more than I loved myself- anything and everything associated with love in my life- flying past my eyes and filling my ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,littl,"100,000+",some,Owner o,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
423,DEE,1025,43,,F,    ,,U.S. citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Registe,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
424,ME ,1482,39,,F,    ,,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Auditor,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
425,DEE,1518,31,,F,"I was sleeping in my bed when I woke up in the middle of the night with a huge feeling of being filled with love in my heart for St. Michael the archangel. I felt like I was in love with him and it was strange because I never had felt that way before, but it was beautiful.    ",,Been a ci,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",Some,I worke,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
426,SDE,1535,30,,F,    ,,Canadian,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Some,secreta,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
427,ADC,1020,56,,F,"When I traveled to Ohio for my mothers funeral, I suddenly got in touch with my repressed anger at my mother, also I felt the fear I had of her. The next day I really felt the anger and decided to not take anything of my mothers so I would not be reminded of her. Then suddenly I felt a feeling of deep nurturing and well-being and knew my mother would like for me to take anything I needed. It was a spiritual communication. The next day I had an argument with my mother as she explained why she hid all pictures of me and other matters. She said she had the right to make her home comfortable for her. Then a few days later, I again felt her spiritual presence in the kitchen of my home, where she said re. my anger that I should just get over it and that this was the last visit she would make to me because she had to move on. I know this was a real spiritual experience because I had one at approximately at age 7 and remembered the same feeling of deep nurturing and well being in spite of being in a bad situation. That experience is for another entry.    ",,U.S. citi,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,student,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
428,NDE,1513,17,,M,Remember seeing a light at the end of a tunnel    ,,US/UK joi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,undec,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,youth
429,ADC,1020,56,,F,"When I traveled to Ohio for my mothers funeral, I suddenly got in touch with my repressed anger at my mother, also I felt the fear I had of her. The next day I really felt the anger and decided to not take anything of my mothers so I would not be reminded of her. Then suddenly I felt a feeling of deep nurturing and well-being and knew my mother would like for me to take anything I needed. It was a spiritual communication. The next day I had an argument with my mother as she explained why she hid all pictures of me and other matters. She said she had the right to make her home comfortable for her. Then a few days later, I again felt her spiritual presence in the kitchen of my home, where she said re. my anger that I should just get over it and that this was the last visit she would make to me because she had to move on. I know this was a real spiritual experience because I had one at approximately at age 7 and remembered the same feeling of deep nurturing and well being in spite of being in a bad situation. That experience is for another entry.    ",,U.S. citi,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,student,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
430,NDE,1065,42,,M,"From an account I wrote for my family and friends in 2001. The big event happened one night while we were visiting the Oregon Coast. We had not planned to spend the night- but did at the last minute. The only available motel was an older place with horrible soft, old mattresses. From what I can figure out- halfway through the night, while kind of curled up against the wall, I slipped off the mattress, and got wedged between the wall and the mattress. I then had an apnea attack- and the inability to move, or breath, sent me into some state of cardiac failure. This is all conjecture, and only supported by the mild abnormality in my EKG over the past years since. Whether I coded or not, is really not at the heart of the issue or my experience. There are tons of debates regarding what really happens when you die by both medical and theological theorists worldwide. I can only relate what I experienced.  I admit that even as I write, it sounds like science fiction- but I can assure you that it happened- and I believe it to be real in every sense.  Without trying to be overly dramatic, the next events were what I have found to be in subsequent studies, a classic Near Death Experience. I did not see myself in bed (many report floating over their bodies), as the room was too dark- but I was blasted through an amazing tunnel (plasma? lights? not sure) of brightness that brought me ever closer to an unbelievable bright light. In what seemed like minutes (regular time does not seem to apply)- I arrived in a place that was so overwhelmingly bright and swimming with fluid colors of the entire spectrum, that I did not at first realize that I was without my physical body. While I could see- or at least had a sense of the vision that I was seeing- I could not see my hands. It was about this time that my experience was significantly different than others I have read about.  I realized what was happening, and I was not happy about it. Almost immediately, I started screaming, in a voice that I could hear in my head- but could not physically perceive- No f***ing way! (except there are no asterisks in heaven) NO! I am not finished yet! I still have young children- I have not seen my life through yet! NO Damn It! I continued with a stream of verbal abuse of anyone that was listening\xe2\x80\xa6in very profane language, until I heard another voice say, OK\xe2\x80\xa6relax\xe2\x80\xa6its not your time.  I knew at that moment, two very clear truths to be real. First, I was not going to die yet (or stay dead if I was). Second, there was a God and an afterlife beyond our life on earth. Then things got strange, interesting and terrifying.  Unlike other NDE experiences I have read about, I did not see anyone, or feel the presence of Jesus, or Buddha, or Allah. Nor did I see a physical presence of any of my relatives that had passed before me- although I had a feeling that they were there with me.  What I did see was a much brighter place, perhaps 30-50- feet away (I had no real clear understanding of depth or ratio) that seemed almost to pull at my heart (if I had a heart) to come closer. I was awash with a complete feeling of peace, calm and contentment whenever I looked in the direction of this portal. And yet I knew, that moving into the portal would certainly mean that I would not be able to return to my life on earth.  Without speaking, and yet speaking and understanding what was spoken to me, a conversation ensued that changed my life.  You are troubled\xe2\x80\xa6 the voice said. Your need to know the truth about your life, is holding you back from living your life to the fullest.I agreed without speaking.  You must understand the gift to be able to enjoy and treasure the gift that you have been given, the voice said. At this time, while the voice was neither clearly male or female (I realize that does not make a lot of sense), I knew that the communication was coming from all that is\xe2\x80\xa6all that was\xe2\x80\xa6all that ever shall be. The voice was that of what I understood to be God. And yet- even then- while thinking this, it was evident that the entity knew what I was thinking- and chastised me for doubting, or trying to figure out its very existence.  In order to understand that which you feel you must understand to be happy, you must first know what you need to change in your life on earth, the voice said.  In an instant, I was seeing my life in review- first all of the wonderful feelings that had brought joy into my life. I saw all of the incredible events of my life when love, the most powerful positive force in existence, was most present in my life. Childhood memories, my first real loves, the births of my children, the first time I knew I loved my wife more than I loved myself- anything and everything associated with love in my life- flying past my eyes and filling my ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,littl,"100,000+",some,Owner o,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
431,ME ,1459,21,,M,"I pretty much did above. What I learned was that true Love is expressed as a gift from God. I have had many even more intense experiences since than. Some lasting for over a week, with angels, and engtering a mystical yet very natural at home realm. Being more real than reality!    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,dail,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,College,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
432,ME ,1516,69,,F,"An overwhelming feeling of love descended on me. I cannot adequately describe the feeling. the feeling was all encompassing and enveloped every cell in my body. i had never experienced that kind of love and have not experienced it since. If I could I would live in it. I knew who was sending me that love, it was a parrot that i had as a pet. i sold him to a lady who gave him a great life.   Around that same time the sister that died in 2008 sent me the same kind of love. In both of these cases I did not know that they had died.    ",,Citizen o,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Registe,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
433,ADC,1313,41,,F,"My experience was a feeling that was both emotional and physical in nature. I cant say that I saw or heard anything, but I felt an overwhelming sense of peace and well being, which was odd considering that my dad had suddenly just died. I learned that my dad was completely and totally okay even though he was dead.    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Writer/,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
434,ME ,1128,53,,M,I observed that he could be up to ten feet away and the effect was still present. I felt nothing other than his concern about being unable to control his shaking. I heard nothing. What I learned was that over time he was able to have his medication reduced due to his apparent improvement.    ,,Australia,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Other,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Electro,,divor,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
435,OBE,1341,66,,F,"I decided to take a Past-Life Workshop in the small, homey office of a hypnotist in Katonah, New York last year. Besides the hypnotist, another woman and myself were present. Before the session started, the pleasant hypnotist explained that she was going to hypnotize us. (I tried hypnosis one other time in my life but I couldnt be hypnotized. I thought, however, that I would try it again.) She said we would be going down a long flight of stairs. As we went down, we would be getting more and more tired. When we reached the bottom of the stairs, we would be hypnotized. Then she would direct us to go into a room where we would see who we were and where we were in our past life. It all sounded pretty okay, nothing scary. So, sitting in comfortable chairs, we closed our eyes and the leader directed us down a long flight of stairs. I remember the stairway was dark, but not frightening, and I was getting more and more tired. At the bottom of the stairs, she told us to open the door in front of us and go into the room but I saw a window opened and I flew out instead. I flew out into the dark universe. I wasnt in a spacecraft, it was just me flying. I remember just flying around in the darkness but not feeling afraid. I have a sensation that I was a young woman then, not my senior age at the time of this STE. I never actually heard anything. My experience was silent. I dont remember feeling cold or hot, but just right. I was wearing an ordinary set of clothes--pants and a top. I remember loving the experience of flying. I felt peaceful, serene and happy. I was flying alone, although I have a sense that my husband, Hank, was there from time to time. I remember seeing faraway stars and planets but I didnt land on anything. I was in heaven, in more ways than one. At some point I became aware that I was struggling to do something--waking up. I didnt want to leave the universe, I was enjoying flying so much, but I was awakening to my present human reality in the hypnotists office. When I awoke, the other woman was already awake. The hypnotist asked me if I was okay. I said yes. She said I was having a hard time waking up. She thought I fell asleep but I told her I wasnt sleeping. The other woman talked about her experience and then I talked about my flying experience. The woman and hypnotist didnt say anything while I was describing my OBE. The session ended pretty much there. I remember feeling strange about being in this strange world on Earth. I wasnt sure I was okay enough to go out into the street and drive my car home, but I was. I can still feel myself flying in the dark universe, feeling peaceful and happy. I hope that, when Im on my deathbed, I am able to call upon this feeling when it is my time to pass on into Eternity.          ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
436,DEE,1425,33,,M,"I awake to nothing. No body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space: no near, no far, no light or dark. No heat, no cold. No emotion: no joy, no fear. Just calm awareness in a gray void. A moment / eternity passes. Light! A brilliant sun! And with it, darkness: the fullness of empty space. A small human figure stands in silhouette. My consciousness shifts. I become the figure; a human body standing in space before a radiant globe. I feel! I am bathed in intense light and heat; light and heat so intense that if I were in a physical form I would be vaporized. I am engulfed by boundless, infinite energy; overwhelming energy. Another shift in perception: energy becomes love. Energy and love are the same. Energy is love. I am embraced and cradled: infolded by a boundless field of energy/love, love which is personal yet vast beyond comprehension. I am seen; seen through. The barriers and masks that we construct to present an idealized persona to the world are blown away. Though the experience is veiled to me I perceive that my life in its naked reality is being lived and fully comprehended by a conscious presence. There is no judgment. My being with all its shortcomings, failures, and rough edges is unconditionally accepted, loved, and cherished. I become aware that what had first appeared like a sun is un-like anything from ordinary reality. I am in the presence of a radiant, fluid luminosity. An amalgam of water and light is the best approximation I can think of. The sense of being before a conscious presence intensifies. My mind buzzes with the desire to hold It, to explain and contain It with my thought. The more I grasp, however, the more It slips away. It cannot be grasped or named. I give up, let go, and allow myself to simply rest with It. With this shift from desire/grasping to acceptance I am permeated by light. In a blaze, the dark husk of my body flakes away. I become light. I am one with the light. I am the light, a fluid, radiant luminosity. I have no body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space. I am calm awareness in a radiantly luminous field of joyfully dancing light. A moment / eternity passes. I find myself with a luminous body. A thought is expressed without words: approach your live with joy and gratitude; compassion and acceptance. A cosmic chuckle: clear-eyed and hard-nosed. I am laughed at/with. \xe2\x80\x9cDon\xe2\x80\x99t take your self so seriously\xe2\x80\x9d rings in my mind. As I turn from the light a frigorific presence rushes from behind and past my left ear. It is a transparent nothingness consuming all energy in its path. It radiates a cold animus and an implacable will to be separate; to differentiate. As it rushes past an iron darkness warps around me. It fuses to me and I become dark and solid. I awake to an ordinary day.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,Archite,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
437,DEE,1046,35,,M,"few weeks ago I had a powerful experience. I wouldnt call it a dream. I needed to write it down so I can remember the full intensity of the experience. Also to be able to reflect upon it, both now and in the future.        It has taken me sometime to get it all down; I have laboured to get every moment, every feeling, every thought that I had during it down on these pages- there was a lot to it. Its taken upwards of three weeks to get it all down completely. The experience started with a prayer to God I made the night previous. The prayer was; To show me a path out of my dilemma, and to show me how I got to be where I am now. I went to sleep that night and then I found myself in a familiar room from my past. I found myself in a spectacular room packed with Christmas presents, Christmas ornaments, and a Christmas tree. All unique in the fact that they were all composed of the same colours; black and silver. It was beautiful. It was breathtaking. It was simply astounding to be in the room.        I have a memory of being in that room, long, long ago, possibly even prior to my birth into this world. I remember being in the room and playing with many other children there, all of whom were equally astounded to be there. After playing for a while in this room the adults there began to give away Christmas presents to all of the children. I received my FIRST Christmas present there. I watched, as the other children opened their boxes and they received all kinds of toys, exquisite clothing and other gifts that were extraordinary to be sure, but I chose to wait till the end of the presentations to get my box towards the last. At my turn to receive a gift, what I found inside my box was a small floating glowing crystal.  The adults there asked me if I wanted it. I remember looking at it with intense curiosity. It shone brightly in silver, and then would fade to black- but even then when it was completely black, you could still discern that it was a beautiful crystal. Then after awhile it would lighten, it would become black for a while and then it would become somewhat silver, and then fade back some then again silver and then again black. Sometimes completely black and sometimes brightly silver. Some of the other children had received this type of crystal, as well, in their first Christmas presents. All of the crystals were similar, but each shone and faded at different intervals and for different periods of time. I examined some of the other lucky childrens crystals, some shone brightly silver most of the time, others would shine and then fade at regular intervals, others were erratic- shining and fading at seemingly random intervals. All were beautiful and all looked extremely fragile. All of the other kids who had not received a crystal were jealous of what the lucky children had received. It was like they had not passed some type of a test of character and they were not yet ready for this type of a gift. Again, the adults there in the room with me expressed some doubt, and asked me if I wanted my present? Again I looked and compared my crystal with what the other lucky children had, my crystal with this second look seemed somehow defective. My crystal had long periods where it would be completely dark, several periods where it would be between dark and light, and very short periods where it would shine brighter than any of the other crystals. Then it occurred to me that this wasnt a defective crystal at all, but in fact, a unique crystal that was completely different from any of the others that I had seen. I said yes- I wanted my present, and this present, this present of this oddly glowing and fading crystal was actually the gift of a life in this world. I got my life out of it. The other lucky children got their lives out of their crystals as well, each life different from the next.        This time, now, that I was in the room, everything was the same except there were no other children here. I was equally astounded to be in this meticulously decorated room and yet, I had a sense that I didnt want any of it. That it was just a memory from long ago, and that having matured to middle age- I didnt want any of it anymore. It was like the passing of a stage. How many of the other children had settled for the shiny wrappers and the electric thrills, ornamental clothing and toys, and I, like a few other lucky ones, had waited till the last and received the most precious gift of all- a life, and now I didnt want mine anymore!  And from here I felt I had passed a stage into another room up above the room I had been in. I was lifted up on a strange device that swung me back and forth, gradually upwards towards this other room further up above. This next room was an empty schoolroom, barren and empty except for a freshly shiny-waxed floor and a man in what appeared to be a secu",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Truck d,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
438,ME ,1551,25,,M,I explained everything in detail in the previous section.    ,,Iranian n,"100,00",atheist,spiritual,Muslim,Muslim,,,weekly,never,moder,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
439,ADC,1544,59,,F,see above    ,,US    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",docto,Technic,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
440,DEE,1058,46,,M,Read my book.    ,,US citize,1 2000,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Aerospa,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
441,NDE,1197,17,,F,"I was standing by the deep end of the pool, when a boy from the football team tackled me and sent me to the bottom of the pool. As I sat on the bottom of the pool, the Virgin Mary appeared to my on my right hand side. She was bathed in a pure, light with soft cream and blue colors. She spoke to me with out words, she said.. relax, it is not your time to go yet. I felt peace, love, calmness..    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
442,ME ,1126,51,,F,"I felt at one with a far greater presence than I had ever felt...a loving, and entirely loving presence..... I think the presence was there to help me and to help my father as he passed from this world to the next. I felt I was being thanked for being with my father, and being shown a little of what Love really is. I felt immensely grateful and honoured by the exprience    ",,British C,1 2000,atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I ran a,,marri,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
443,NDA,1461,14,,F,"I had an experience of feeling like I was suspended in nothing-ness. I had noe desire or need to breath . My experience was of feeling extremely peaceful and happy. My awareness was of being in a place like the night sky. It was very dark but there were twinkling lights like stars. I could hear beautiful harp like music.There was a presence there I felt was God. I spoke to God but not in words, just thoughts.I had no concern for myself, I was perfectly ok but I distinctly remember saying, Please God dont do this to my mother. She wont cope. She has just lost her mother. I then remember being pulled out of the water.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,High sc,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
444,NDE,1088,40,,F,"I was out of body, going up...I was in a pretty place like in the sky, in clouds...I was moving toward a bus in the sky and I was supposed to get on it. I believe there was soothing music I was heading toward the bus I was conscious of myself...and I wanted to go...I was losing knowledge of my life here on earth...I was almost to the bus and I wanted to go with it. Then I heard my name being called far far away...and I had to make a decision to go to the bus or go home or back down...then I knew it was not my time for the bus. Next then I know I could hear louder and louder and I was smelling smelling salt. I was awake and scared.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Technic,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
445,ME ,1545,62,,M,"I had just arrived at the hotel and decided to take a little nap, to rest after the driving. I left a lamp on, and lied on the bed, half turned to the right and fell asleep. It was a light and pleasant sleep and I awoke after about half an hour. As I opened my eyes, I saw a kind of steam or smoke rising from me. It was more like enveloping me, because as I was still half-turned to the right I saw it was rising from below the side of the bed. It was rising fast, as fast as steam does from a boiling pan of water, but more smoothly. I observed this and the next instant I became a little anxious, because I remembered that something like a haze rises sometimes from people who are dying. So I immediately breathed in and checked my body mentally, but I was fine. But by then I could not see the steam any more. I have to say that as I woke up I was very clear and knew exactly where I was, and when.    ",,Greek cit,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Biology,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,senior
446,DEE,1263,37,,M,"I was breathing underwater without an oxygen mask, somehow drawing bubbles of air from the water. My body wanted to go off and swim, turning and twisting, happy and playful. The light was bright blue higher up and darker blue below. I swam into the deeper blue until I could see the flat bottom of the lake, stretching out before me. I felt suddenly that all my old friends were there \xe2\x80\x93 there were no faces or shapes of people, but I knew they were inside these little round blue balls all over the lake floor. I could sense them powerfully welcoming me as an old and very dear friend \xe2\x80\x93 the feeling of so many friends and of being so thankful to see them again after so long made me both deeply happy and very sad at the same time. When my eyes started to well up, they told me that it was OK, they were there and they will always be there, and that they\xe2\x80\x99re in the beauty all around me.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Self-em,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
447,NDA,1327,46,,F,Please see above description.    ,,USA citiz,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,I worke,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
448,SDE,1535,30,,F,    ,,Canadian,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Some,secreta,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
449,DEE,1214,69,,M,I did that in question #43. I learned that when this is finished refers to something that I do not know nor do I know what the the when means.  I know that I continue in the physical suffering.    ,,"Citizen,",1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Ordaine,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
450,NDA,1565,70,,M,"I was out of my body, looking down on Jesus Christ carrying my physical body in his arms which appeared to be as light as a feather. As Jesus walked through clouds, I could see fireworks going off all around us. I was telepathically told these were prayers and I could feel the energy from them. I could feel unconditional love, comfort, and somehow I knew that I would be okay.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",Junio,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
451,ME ,1485,20,,F,"To put as simply as possible (not easy to do) I became identified with love and with God. I was immersed in and surrounded by non-visual spiritual light. Yet I was outside duality of light and dark altogether. I was inside and outside myself at the same time. It was a healing experience that washed away all my past traumas. I forgave everyone and everything, including myself. And then I felt the purpose of my life, which included the healing of other people. And then I gradually came back to earth.    ",,Full nati,"100,00",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",some,Student,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
452,ME ,1294,61,,F,"During the summer of 2006, Hank and I were at an outdoor party at a swim club in Basking Ridge, New Jersey. We had met this group of people the year before, so they were new to us. It was a sunny day and I was talking to a very suntanned man everyone called Mike the Painter, to distinguish him, I suppose, from all the other Mikes. While I was talking to Mike, his whole face suddenly turned a deathly gray color. It happened in a snap, as if you turned on a light and boom! I guess it was shocking to see because my brain took a couple of seconds before I realized that his face had changed to gray. His face was gray for several seconds and then it snapped back to his normal tan color. I stood there staring at him. I dont remember what he was saying. I do not drink or do drugs. After that happened and in the next day or two, I remember thinking about Mikes face and wondering if it did indeed turn gray. I couldnt believe I saw his whole face a gray color. I tried to disbelieve this experience had happened to me. I tried to deny that his face had turned gray. But every time I tried to deny it, I kept affirming that I did indeed see that Mikes face instantly turned gray, stayed gray for several seconds, then instantly turned back to tan. Since Im a visual person and a visual artist, I couldnt deny that I saw his face was gray because my mind sort of takes a picture of it and, also, I was able to call it up in my memory and I would see it again, so I couldnt really deny the gray color. I ended up believing that this happened, even if I didnt understand why it happened or why I saw it. A day or two later I understood what I saw and why I saw it. Mike was a heavy smoker. He was usually smoking a cigarette whenever I saw him. I believed that God wanted me to warn Mike to stop smoking or hell pass at a young age. I waited a whole year before I got up the courage to tell Mike. I didnt want this new group of friends to think I was a religious zealot or crazy. So that summer I went up to Mike and told him what I saw and that I was meant to pass this warning to him. I apologized if he thought I was a zealot but Mike stopped me and said he was Catholic and believed that people see signs from God. He said he wasnt going to stop smoking and thanked me for telling him. I saw Mike every summer for a few years after that time and noticed that he was still smoking. Hank and I have since changed our summer plans so I dont expect to see Mike at that location again.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
453,ADC,1456,34,,F,"Amanda was radient, she had beautiful dark hair against the all white clothes, her smile was big and honest and happy to see me. I didnt hear anyting really, as soon as I saw her I said HIIIIiiiiiiii, how are you doing?!?!?!?!? Then we have a very long two way conversation.    ",,US    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Owned a,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
454,OBE,1184,23,,F,"Please see above for details. I observed my body floating. When I would first know I was about to travel outside my body I would hear a humming sound. When evil came to me it would come in a buzzing sound and I would feel something biting at my back. I saw my husband once in an earlier life form. I think weve always been together. And, my most enduring memory which I can still feel somewhere deep inside is the presence of absolute goodness and love...God.    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,undec,very st,"100,000+",colle,governm,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
455,ME ,1176,54,,F,"I found myself in a tunnel comprised of dark red glass aperture-like structures which were opening up like a cameras aperture to receive me. I forced myself to look to the left to try to ascertain where I was. In between the aperture blades I could see I was in outer space. I saw a black sky all around with stars. When I turned to move forward again I could see in the distance what appeared to be the end of the tunnel. It was made up of a beige inflatable cushion-type structure. I quickly moved forward to reach the end. I was greeted by an elder angelic-like spirit who began asking me questions almost to verify my identity. I answered them, but after a while, I questioned why I needed to answer all these questions. After that, the being stepped to the right and before me I saw a bright blue sky with perfectly shaped green trees, which had leaves rustling by a gentle breeze, though I could not feel the breeze. Beyond the trees, I saw green lush rolling hills that seemed to go on forever. From my left appeared my deceased father, as he would have been at about 35 years old dressed all in white \xe2\x80\x93 a short-sleeved white tee shirt and white cotton-type pants. He had been 54 when he died. He seemed to communicate telepathically to me but I responded using physical speech. He initially asked me how I was. We turned in the direction of the rolling hills again and this time I saw many people all dressed in white silently walking in the right direction. I did not know these people or where they were going. He suggested we sit at a concrete garden table to the left with 2 concrete benches on either side. Beyond the table I noticed a one-story concrete building with no windows or doors that I could see. My father wanted to know how I was and said he was concerned about me. At the time, I was undergoing radiation therapy for breast cancer (DCIS ductal carcinoma in situ, stage 0). I reassured him there was no need for concern as the radiation wasnt bothering me at all and the DCIS was not ever fatal. He told me he was very proud of me. After a time, He asked me to come around the table to where he was sitting so I could give him a hug goodbye. As I did, he asked me to forgive him. The encounter was pleasant up to that point. When he asked me to forgive him, all my memories of how he had been a strict disciplinarian came back to me and I started to feel badly, reliving those feelings I had as a child and teenager. After that, I woke up very quickly.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,vice pr,,divor,divor,Unc,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
456,DEE,1370,28,,F,"I left the interview in a state of prayer. I wanted so badly to work in this hospital Whenever I do enter hospitals I am always aware of other Helper Beings are present. I was standing in the middle of the hallway, started to walk away, turned around and saw Jesus. I knew he wanted me to see him, to let me know he was there, had always been there even though times had been hard. he poured out an amazing indescribably love energy, but I also saw sadness in his face and some sorrow for those who suffer. He was carrying my pain.    ",,Canadian,"251,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,high sc,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
457,ME ,1431,28,,F,"It was a warm July evening in 2010. I had two 8month-old twin daughters at the time. I got an invitation for a dinner with friends and spent the evening with them. My husband was at home with the girls. I was walking home after the dinner. It was already dark and the city lights were on. I was walking on a deserted street alone when a car passed me. Young men were sitting in it, hearing loud music. I did not really pay attention to them and turned into another street, which was much darker. Suddenly a really strong invisible force hit me, and I staggered into a dark corner near a house. I almost fell, and was shocked. 2 seconds later the same car with the young men appeared in the street. This time they were driving very slowly as if they were looking for something/someone. They could not see me, as I was still in the dark corner of a house. They passed me again, this time the music was off. I realized later that they must have been looking for me. I struggled to get myself together in the corner where I was still crouching. I was shocked because it was clearly not me, who decided to hide in the corner. It was as if someone/something had hit me or shoved me there. I went home at last but I have not told anybody about this experience for a long time, not even my husband.     ",,Hungarian,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Human R,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
458,ADC,1226,40,,F,    ,,United St,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
459,DEE,1511,34,,M,Please see enclosed attachment for full story    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,I worke,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
460,ME ,1009,18,,F,"One of the weirdest things about this experience was the feeling of getting shot in the head. Actually, I didnt feel a thing, but I remember how my vision exploded in red. I remember how I vaguely felt my body hitting the ground and being unable to stop it, even as I, as a spirit, got yanked out of my body. I didnt feel a bit of pain, and Im usually very scared of blood, but I wasnt scared of the blood I saw coming out of me as I died--just intrigued, but not emotionally connected to it. As a spirit, I learned that I look very different than how I look physically. This experience taught me that I, Theresa, am actually a combination of three women who I was in other lifetimes--and I learned that we dont have to live our lifetimes in chronological order, and those lifetimes can overlap on each other, too. I learned that I, Theresa, am a combination of these three women:-a German Jewish girl who was about sixteen when she died in one of the concentration camps during the Holocaust-an American (Caucasian) woman who was in her 30s when she died in the 1980s-a Caucasian woman with shoulder-length, flaming red hair who was the captain of a starship and had died in the 2300s or thereabouts. She was in her late 20s-early 30s. Id lived all three of these lifetimes before this one. I learned that I, Theresa, am a composite of all three of these women. Im not exactly my own person. Im unique, yes--but I was created from these three women. Looking back on whats happened in the 2000s in our physical world, Im astounded that I basically saw our wars in Iraq and Afghanistan several years before they happened. Back in 1998, it was a lot easier to dismiss this experience as some really vivid dream, emphasis on dream. When I was 18, I couldnt fathom circumstances when the US would choose to wage war against anyone else. It was really easy to dismiss this aspect of my experience as something out of an action movie, perhaps. And I distinctly felt what the other soldiers were feeling--this grief over the fact that they knew, at the time of their deaths, that they would be dying so far away from home for a pointless war. The soldiers in my dream knew this full well as they died. They were extremely sad about this. If I had to describe it, it was like they had this immense, low, wailing grief--something very heavy and sad, like low, gray storm clouds. Back in 1998, one of the things that really amazed me was that the littlest promises we make are, indeed, kept. To go back to this brother of mine: We were fans of James Camerons movie, TITANIC, and we met in an email mailing list. We ended up talking a lot via IM. I dont think we ever exchanged pictures, even. But he was the first to say that he felt like I was his little sister, which was odd because he is an only child, like me. He liked calling me Sis a lot, and I called him big bro, although I dont think I felt this sibling bond quite as strongly as he did. We did talk about the supernatural, and about life beyond death. He talked about being in the US Army for some period of time. I dont know how our conversations got to this point, but we made a promise to each other: that if it really was true that there was life beyond death, whoever would die first would go to the other person and be there for them when it was their time to die. In the case of my experience, I died first and, as promised, I visited him--even if I, at least, had completely forgotten about making this promise in the first place.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",some,student,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
461,NDE,1344,23,,F,"After i was in the white space for what seemed a very long time i was suddenly sucked into a tunnel and the sides of it reminded me of the inside of an ocean wave. At the end of it there was an incredible bright light. I went to the light and i wanted to stay there. It was warm ,safe and nothing hurt.i never ever wanted to leave. Then i felt the voice say its not your time yet so i had to go crashing back.I was very sad to leave but my comforting thought was that at least i never ever have to doubt Gods presence because I know now he exists.    ",,Dual Citi,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,TA in g,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
462,NDA,1423,12,,M,Very timeless. Floating and very pleasant. Not much life experience at that time because I was twelve. Saw a very bright light and floated toward the light through a very dark tunnel... Began later to descend and my body rotated so that I was laying with my back on the ceiling of the hospital room and was looking down at myself in the bed with my grandmother sitting there next to me.    ,,American,"100,00",religious,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,NA    Q,,single,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,youth
463,ADC,1562,35,,M,"Some days later of that incident I was aline in the kitchen. I was very disturbed and I was crying. I was alone. And with the eyes of mY maind I saw my parents coming to me. Right in front. Both of them. And they said you are our daugther, please forgive your brother they arr as floting and I cant see their foot.    ",,Costarica,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
464,ME ,1320,24,,M,"Please see above. What I felt was similar to what Dr. Alexander wrote in his book, but I did not have to die to experience it. There was a sense of stillness too. I felt overwhelming love, peace, serenity, ecstatic bliss and an ever-growing expanse into everything and the all. I learned that God is love and everything is made up of God or love.    ",,American,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
465,OBE,1217,30,,F,see above    ,,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Marriot,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
466,ADC,1081,46,,F,I have 30 journals with all 285 dreams.    ,,United st,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Junio,Clothin,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
467,DEE,1297,67,,F,"Hank, my husband, and I were getting ready to move on December 10, 2012 from Ossining, New York to Milford, Connecticut. Most of the house was already packed up. I had gone through the whole coat closet downstairs by the front door, throwing stuff out and organizing what I wanted to pack up at that time or wait until moving day. There was a small shelf above the coat hangar bar that I looked over while standing on a stool to see what was up there and what needed to be thrown out. There were mostly gloves and hats which I kept there in case we needed them. We had just arrived home at night from eating out Thanksgiving Dinner on November 22, 2012. Hank hung up his coat first in the lit up coat closet. Then I took out a hangar, hung my coat on it and, while looking toward Hank and talking to him, I went to hang up my coat without looking at the bar or what I was doing because I knew that closet so well, after living in this house for 22 years. I had trouble getting the hangar hook to go over the bar. I tried and tried but the hook wouldnt go on the bar. It kept getting stuck on something. So I looked at the bar and saw there was a chain of some kind hanging down from the shelf above. There was a sliver of an opening between the slats of the wooden shelf and a chain had made its way through the opening and hung down in a loop, the narrow opening of which happened to be facing the tip of the hangar. So when I aimed, without looking, the tip of the hangar to go on the bar, it went through the narrow loop instead and got stuck there. I looked at the chain. I couldnt understand where this chain came from. I knew everything that was on the shelf and there was no chain. I pulled on the chain. It came down through the slat opening and a medallion of some kind followed it. I looked at this medallion with its long neck chain in the palm of my hand and just stared at it. I couldnt believe my eyes. That was my medallion and my chain that I had mysteriously lost 5 years previous. I had this piece of jewelry custom made for me, based on the image that I had seen when I was 29 years of age of a glow and cross. The medallion was a white Mother of Pearl flat, round disk (glow) with a MOP cross affixed onto the disk. When I received this gift to myself from the jeweler, I loved it and wore it every single day for about a year. One night Hank and I were going to a special place and I wanted to wear a special necklace that would conflict with the medallion and chain, so I took it off and probably placed it on my dresser in the bedroom, as I was planning to wear it again the next day. I either placed it on the top of my dresser or put it into my jewelry drawer in the dresser. The next day when I awoke, I looked for the medallion to put it on again and I couldnt find it. I looked on the dresser top, in all the drawers, on the floor around the dresser, in our bedroom, in the bathrooms and in all the rooms of my home, but Hank and I couldnt find it. It was missing for about 5 years and during those years, I kept on looking all over my house for the medallion, but with no luck. Then I thought that God was mad at me for taking it off, so It took it away. So, 5 years later, God had miraculously given back to me my medallion in such an incredible way. I showed it to Hank in disbelief. He was amazed how that medallion came back to me, and 5 years later! Then I told Hank that I had a bad thought, that It gave it back to me because something bad or hard was going to happen during or after our move and I would need this medallion that I loved so much and which connected me to God and Its serenity. Ive been wearing the medallion every day since and will wear it every single day always, even if it doesnt go with a fancy outfit. Our move was hard but Hank and I survived it and are doing well. Although we have to move again in a year and dont know where we will live, though we want to stay in Milford.       ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
468,OBE,1373,39,,F,"I copy here the experience exactly as I typed it then. This records my third experience. The first one occurred in February of 1984 and then August, 1984. The third one in January of 1985, as written.  Jan.26, 1985--it has happened again (On what I experienced in early morning, only half awake). There was a rushing sound, a roaring in my ears. I am half awake now, with consciousness of my surroundings, and also have the feeling I am about to plunge off a cliff, a falling sensation. I feel, just briefly, a sense of immovability--the way in a dream one tries to move and cant, and also a sense of fear arises at this. Then the images begin, the feeling one of plunging deep into a vortex, but everything is vividly clear, in color. The images are against a black background, and they are perfect crystalline forms, changing constantly, that make me think of snowflake forms at times, then of those theoretical models of chemical components or DNA, and then of pure rock crystal forms. The speed of the images is way beyond me, their transformations occurring without cessation. Nothing exists but this silent world I seem to have entered, as the forms recede and accelerate alternately in the darkness. Then they stop--disappear, and what I see at a vast distance in total blackness, as if I were looking through a telescope backwards, only infinitely smaller than that, is a tiny circle of light. I see it as if I am looking into a cauldron of light, barely glimpsed at such a distance, but it shifts and flickers on the edges. Only a tiny part of it is revealed to me, but the light is so clear it is like the interior of a diamond--a dazzling light, that oddly conveys a sense, for which I cannot account, that it has a knowledge of some sort--as if the light was source. Then a tingling feeling occurs and the image ends--it all goes away, and I sense my regular surroundings again. I try to go to sleep. The first time this happened, last February 84, I was scared silly.  The images occurred after I experienced the same roaring sound, but at that time (also an early hour, between 2 and 5 a.m.) there was also a loud cracking sound; in fact, that happened first. The images were, then, not immediately visible. They appeared finally in the center of a deep blackness at a great distance in a curling, churning fire of light, and accelerated toward me until I could see the swirling changing crystal forms. I stayed up an hour afterwards, writing it down. I felt then the same tingling sensation at the onset and end of the event, and the same moment of immovability. The second time (all told, it has happened three times) was last summer, August, 84. And now this one, around 4:30 or 5 a.m. The fear was briefer; I knew more of what to expect, and it was as if I willed myself to hold on. I had been asleep, wake up to the buzzing, electric sensation, and the rest, and then it begins. I let the images come. In the times between the 3 events Ive tried to make it happen, unsuccessfully. Each time has occurred only spontaneously. Each time I feel I have encountered something with great energy or power within it. I feel it will happen again--that there is more to learn. Especially within that light. It frightens me, yet I sense it has meaning, validity. I wonder at its meaning, and seek it out.     ",,U.S. Citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",docto,I taugh,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
469,OBE,1524,21,,F,So I was sitting upright and looking at the end of the bed where I felt a presence not one person but a group of people. I actually could not see these people they did not reveal themselves. I saw an outline like an aura white and thin foggy. Someone said to me telepathically come over. I hesitated scared I remember and said Im not ready. Then snap I was lying down again and opened my eyes. The room was exactly how I saw it through them closed other than the beings were gone. I felt like I knew these people intimately more than the people I know in this world even though I couldnt see them I sensed they were close to me like family like my real family. I felt I could trust them but that I hadnt completed my purposes on earth yet. I was in effect asking for more time. So it seemed in the ensuing days that followed I made a conscious effort to stop satisfying myself and helping others.    ,,New Zeala,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,moder,"50,000 99",maste,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
470,DEE,1188,22,,F,"Initially, the environment felt cold to me. the people were very business like and even the woman who was there to hold my hand was not very friendly. I felt alone. The machine was loud and the experience of having my cervix dialated we very painful. The machine made an awful sucking sound and I felt sad. All of a sudden everything changed and I was filled with the most all encompassing feeling of love that I have ever known. I felt as if I were witnessing God himself ushering/welcoming that little babys soul back to heaven. It was clear as day to me not as a vision that I saw but as an experience that I felt. The love was completely transformative. My pain was gone and I suddenly felt pure love for the other people in the room. I told them all that I loved them and thanked them for helping me. The operation ended, but that feeling of love, as if a door had opened and I was privvy to Gods love, stayed open for a long time.      ",,U.S.A bor,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Unity,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I had h,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
471,ME ,1323,20,,F,My initial comments before this form say it all: Being bathed in a type of light / lightness that enveloped me with joy and peace. I have that same feeling come over me each time I engage in speaking in tongues.    ,,U.S.    Q,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
472,ME ,1506,44,,F,"I was able to see all my chakras in my meditation..vivid colour red, orange, golden yellow and beautiful green and pink for the heart. I was unable to draw this ecstatic energy to my throat. The explosion of ecstasy or it felt like an orgasm was when it opened up from my heart center. There was no sound or smell but I saw the vast universe and it was filled with Unconditonal LOVE. Love that I have never felt so intensely before in my life.    ",,Landed im,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,YOga te,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
473,ADC,1347,32,,F,see above    ,,legal,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",maste,Social,,marri,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
474,DEE,1008,30,,F,see #43    ,,US citize,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
475,NDE,1117,30,,M,"I was walking along a road. It was not paved, but a gravel path, very nicely maintained with beautiful flowers along the sides. The road started in a valley and went up a hill towards a very beautiful mansion or palace with a gate in front of it. It was far off in the distance from where I began to walk, I can\xe2\x80\x99t say how far exactly. On either side of the road, the land sloped away sharply, like going off a cliff, so if one fell off the road, one would land in a deep, dark pit. From the pit one could hear sounds of agony, wailing, and lamenting from human beings who were down there. Some tried to claw their way up and grab at me on the road, but I knew they could not actually reach me. I was a little afraid at first, as I knew this to be the pit of hell. The road was not narrow, however, so there was no danger of me falling off the road. I began walking towards the gate, all the while the lost souls wailing until I got near to the gate. Close to the gate, they were no longer around. The mansion was very beautiful. The whole environment was other-worldly, somehow glittering and radiant. I knew I was on another plane, no longer on Earth. I could hear the gentle music of stringed instruments in the background, very soothing and lovely. Eventually I started nearing the gate of the mansion or palace. The mansion was actually quite far from the gate, but one could see radiant beings behind the gate going about their daily activities. Some were carrying baskets with flowers and all were going about their daily routine. There was complete unity and love there, unlike the way people on Earth behave. It was serene and peaceful, just a wonderful place, and I really wanted so much to go inside. There were four winged angels guarding the gate on the outside, two on each side, and as I approached, they moved together and crossed their arms, blocking my entry. They were radiant beings, clearly not human. They were so very kind, but were not going to let me in, although they did not say anything to that effect. There was so much joy and peace there, I tried to get by them, when a group of beings from inside approached the gate to talk to me. An elderly \xe2\x80\x9cgentleman\xe2\x80\x9d (not a human being) with white hair spoke to me. Although he was right in front of me, his voice sounded like he was very, very far away. It was almost like I was hearing an echo of something said in the distance. He said I would be there at a point in time, but not yet, that my mission was incomplete and that I still had a lot more to accomplish. He was very kind and spoke gently to me, absolutely convincing me that I could not get in. Until this moment, I had really not thought about anything relating to my earthly life, although I knew who I was. I was dressed as I was the day of the accident. When he told me that I could not enter, only then did I start to try to think about what had really happened to me and what was going on. I thought it odd that I was the only person around and there were no dogs or other animals. As I was considering all this, I left that place. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know if I actually regained consciousness at that precise moment, but I suspect I did. I did not recognize any people whom I knew previously who had died. I also did not know any of the people in the pit.    ",,Ghana,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,I was a,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
476,ME ,1032,20,,F,"Within 48 hours from the time my letter was hand delivered to Harry by my father, I was flying! I had abundant energy which was a very new feeling for me. I had a tingling sensation in my right side by the liver and I was emotionally uplifted. I knew that something I could not see was helping me more than any medical treatment or doctor had ever done for me.    ",,I am a US,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",docto,I had j,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
477,DEE,1060,32,,F,"I was writhing on the bed from the extreme discomfort of nausea and cramping. I was losing fluids in waves from all ends. The bathroom was close by (I was making frequent trips) but was lying on the bed to rest between waves. I felt a presence come to me it was above me and a little bit to the left. I didnt see a face, but I felt it tremendous love and a feeling of simplicity and calm, grace, peace, that everything was fine and accepted. If I were to give the presence a color, I would say it was a very pale grey, like a dove, not white. It said to me through direct knowing, not a voice Do you want to stay or do you want to go? And thats when I realized the severity of my condition, reacted, called my husband and he called the hotel staff.    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,Housewi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
478,ME ,1228,42,,F,"It was completely and deeply black. I couldnt see anything in front of me. Then I saw a very faint dot-like light. I was very curious. It started to get closer and closer. I was extremely surprised,found it funny, that what was getting closer was a neon angel. I dont mean an angel with beautiful wings or anything but a very cheap-looking angel made up of one continuous long neon tube sort of like what hangs in some stores saying OPEN. It stopped in front of me and I was sort of laughing to myself because it looked kind of silly floating out there in front of me. Then the bottom opened up and whoosh knowledge started coming into me. Not just into my head into my entire body. I knew everything. I felt that my body would not be able to contain all of this knowledge and that I would explode. I became very frightened because I thought that I was dying. I said to myself no. Within a fraction of a second it stopped and the knowledge was taken back just as it had been delivered: with a whoosh. I woke up very shaken and afraid.    ",,United St,"100,00",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Secreta,,single,single,No,very little,Pleasant & distressing,adult
479,ADC,1120,30,,F,It felt like a presence next to me. It felt like the presence put their arm around me to comfort me. It did not feel like an actual person putting their arm around me. But the energy felt that way. And I knew it was my mom. I felt it was her comforting me. There was nobody who could comfort me.     ,,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,undec,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Mental,,single,single,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
480,ADC,1434,45,,F,"Wish you were here. (a poem) You would love this place Dad, this forest mountain trail meandering past turquoise glacier lakes, cutting across a steep treeless loose-gravel scree. The path turns to switchback up a bare-dirt shoulder smoothed by winter\xe2\x80\x99s snow melting. At the crest, suddenly the view opens up expansive, to all horizons like the Swiss Alps. The whole Cascade range is carved at my feet: vivid green chasms, peaks painted white, no hint of civilization.  A pure sky of small cotton ball clouds streams from the horizon directly toward me, and I have to brace against this wild steady wind that spurs an endless herd of white stallions. Suddenly close and larger when leaping over this ridge, they tuck their legs at the last minute, skirting these wind-braced gnarled trees and my hand stretching up.  I used to tag along on your weekend hikes to places like this, your sanctuary. Me scurrying behind with little legs, trying to keep up with your tall, long easy strides. Death is the mystery, but I can sense you here now, Dad, in the mountains. Forgiveness allows my heart to expand; love created this place and is greater than space and time.  But I don\xe2\x80\x99t hike like you did, I mountain bike. I pick up my machine here to ride back down, put on a helmet and earbuds for my Ipod. Swooping down the trail weaving through banked turns, speed and reactions are too quick for thought: rocks, a few feet of air. Me and two wheels quietly carve turns around huge ancient cedars skyscraper tall, their wizened moss-bearded branches sleepily brush puffy mist above. A postcard-intense azure sky between their reddish-brown trunks. A rush flying weightless through adrenaline-fueled bliss, this is my cathedral.  As I ride, a favorite song by Incubus always makes me think of you. It has become my prayer, telling you I am ok now.   I dig my toes into the sand,   the ocean looks like a thousand diamonds strewn across a blue blanket   I lean against the wind   Pretend that I am weightless   And in this moment I am happy.   I Wish You Were Here\xe2\x80\xa6.     I lay my head onto the sand.   The sky resembles a backlit canopy with holes punched in it.   Im counting ufos.   I signal them with my lighter   and in this moment i am happy,  I had a rare chance to visit your grave, passing through on my motorcycle. So many years ago this dot on a map, a hiccup in a straight flat line, was the stifling world I escaped at eighteen. Now its just a hot, dusty-small, freeway town. Surreally, everyone is a stranger. An earlier self\xe2\x80\x99s memories are just a story, gratefully too distant for emotions. The gravel road turns behind juvenile hall where I waited for my new foster mom after you died. The tiny catholic cemetery holds a few hundred family histories, a white, white statue, larger than life, divides two centuries. Mary, weeping, holds tortured Jesus in her lap. I know, neither one of us is Catholic, but mom was. I park the motorcycle. One key with one fob, a little silver disc etched with three lines one side, three broken lines the other; I-Ching symbols for Heaven and Earth.  Two unkempt, neglected yellow rose bushes grown mis-matched almost cover your name, so I trim a few branches. Ive never believed a spirit is buried, you are not here. But this is the last place on earth our paths intersected, so where else to go? No dates on the stone, I am sorry. I was too young to remember when the funeral home asked. But I am ok now.  You would be so proud of your beautiful granddaughters. The best of all of us, together.  You would like my husband, my soulmate. With him I\xe2\x80\x99ve surfed tropical waters with whales and turtles, biked Canadian passes, found love. Your spirit doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have to carry the burden of our grief anymore. I am no longer in a place of confused tears. Not even here. This sunny day.  Birds practice their songs above me, sitting back on an old tree; leaves quietly stirring sunbeams. I\xe2\x80\x99ve always liked the Hispanic graves, decorated like a party. A family has recently left, spending a few happy hours with a beloved. Shiny balloons gently sway in the breeze.  Its a relief to share the peace we both so desperately needed so long ago. Then thoughts of the remaining day start to impede. A grocery list of errands, people to visit, hours on a clock, all interrupt me to leave. From the cool mowed grass I pick up my smartphone filled with facebook and emails, then in my hand the phone plays Wish You Were Here.  Dad. Are you telling me youre ok now too? I put the phone down to be here, a little while longer.  Love is greater than space and time.     ",,born citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,By the,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
481,ME ,1108,19,,F,"I was just riding the subway when, out of nowhere, Jesus appeared to me. It wasnt a visual appearance, but sort of in my minds eye, yet his presence was an absolute certainty to me and I could sense him very, very powerfully. He appeared to me as he is so often depicted in European paintings, with a flowing robe, long hair, and a beard but other than that he was in a place that was entirely dark. In other words, I just saw Jesus who was otherwise surrounded by blackness he was all that mattered at that moment. He spoke only once and asked a single question which I will never forget as long I as draw breathe. He asked me, Do you want me to show you how I love you? One would think that his appearance would have surprised me, but I just took it in stride and thought to myself, sure, what the heck, what have I got to lose? I was curious, so I immediately agreed, but I never said yes aloud, but somehow communicated directly and immediately. Jesus, whose arms had been at his side, wordlessly just opened his arms wide open and instantly something happened to me. Now, there are no human words to describe what I felt next. I had the sense of absolutely pure love being poured all over me from above, sort of like being baptized with pure love. It was unlike anything I had ever felt before it was not at all HUMAN love, but far more. There was no ulterior motive, no expectation, no string attached, just pure, altruistic, unadulterated love. I immediately started to just cry and I leaned my arm on the seat in front of me and hid my face so nobody could see me crying like that. (It was Christmas Day and the train was almost completely empty. The closest person to me was half a train car away from me.) The sensation was ineffable and I felt like the luckiest human being who had ever lived. I started asking Jesus questions like, Why are you showing this to me, Im unworthy, I dont deserve it. I repeated, There are people who have been religious all their lives and havent experienced this, they deserve it, not me. Things went on like this for some time, I have no idea how long. I can only say that the total ride time from where I got on to where I exited the train was about 50 minutes and the event did not start right away, but perhaps half-way through the journey. The love just kept flowing over me, but no answer to my questions came. At times, the love pouring over me and enveloping me seemed like water flowing, at another moment, it seemed like gold coins being poured over me and it just didnt end. Gradually, I stopped crying and stopped asking questions, I just relished it and continued to feel so very luck.  Eventually, I got off the train at my station. Im not sure how long I waited for my bus or if I even waited at all. The blissful state of being divinely loved took center stage and nothing else mattered at all to me. The bus took off and I started to cry again, again hiding from others. I re-asked my questions, but still no answers. Details of the bus ride are a little unclear, but I remember there was music, too. It started early in the experience and it was as if Jesus were singing a particular song to me, one that I had liked, but not thought much about. It was a popular song from the late 60s sung by Petula Clark called My Love is Warmer than the Sunshine. It was repeating constantly in my mind, as if it were Jesus trying to find an analogy that would resonate with me. Ive copied the lyrics that just kept repeating in my mind. As I heard them sung with Petulas voice, but Jesus intentions, I thought deeply about each line and could really FEEL it somehow. They were no longer just silly lyrics from a pop song, but felt experiences of the most profound type. My love is warmer than the warmest sunshine, softer than a sigh. My love is deeper than the deepest ocean, wider than the sky. My love is brighter than the brightest star that shines every night above. And there is nothing in this world that can ever change my love. I know the ride to my friends house took about 25 minutes, although I had no real sense of time during this event. At some point during the ride or shortly after I got off the bus and starting walking towards her place I began to wonder if the event was going to stop and, if it didnt, what I would do, how could I visit with my friend. It wasnt a terrible worry, it just occurred to me that I just couldnt function normally with what was happening to me. This is where the plot thickens. I began the walk to my friends home. It had snowed and there were icicles hanging from the trees. In my love-enveloped state, I began to look at world and it was not as I had ever seen it before. Somehow, I had the feeling that Jesus was showing me how he saw the world, but that was a guess, he wasnt talking. Somehow, it wasnt substantial, but rather all made of the same beauti",,USA    Q.,"50,000",atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",post,I was w,,single,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
482,DEE,1350,14,,M,"As I looked I saw 3 beings in hooded robes similar to those worn by Jedi knights or monks. I saw no faces on these beings, and they stood there looking at me and I at them. They walked by me and through the wall leaving down the street. Nothing was said, but at 14 years old I knew I did not want the incredible sense of peace to leave me. I chased after these beings down the street in my underwear. They moved simultaneously as one. They just seemed to have disappeared.    ",,US Citize,"100,00",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,dail,dail,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,None,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
483,ME ,1108,19,,F,"I was just riding the subway when, out of nowhere, Jesus appeared to me. It wasnt a visual appearance, but sort of in my minds eye, yet his presence was an absolute certainty to me and I could sense him very, very powerfully. He appeared to me as he is so often depicted in European paintings, with a flowing robe, long hair, and a beard but other than that he was in a place that was entirely dark. In other words, I just saw Jesus who was otherwise surrounded by blackness he was all that mattered at that moment. He spoke only once and asked a single question which I will never forget as long I as draw breathe. He asked me, Do you want me to show you how I love you? One would think that his appearance would have surprised me, but I just took it in stride and thought to myself, sure, what the heck, what have I got to lose? I was curious, so I immediately agreed, but I never said yes aloud, but somehow communicated directly and immediately. Jesus, whose arms had been at his side, wordlessly just opened his arms wide open and instantly something happened to me. Now, there are no human words to describe what I felt next. I had the sense of absolutely pure love being poured all over me from above, sort of like being baptized with pure love. It was unlike anything I had ever felt before it was not at all HUMAN love, but far more. There was no ulterior motive, no expectation, no string attached, just pure, altruistic, unadulterated love. I immediately started to just cry and I leaned my arm on the seat in front of me and hid my face so nobody could see me crying like that. (It was Christmas Day and the train was almost completely empty. The closest person to me was half a train car away from me.) The sensation was ineffable and I felt like the luckiest human being who had ever lived. I started asking Jesus questions like, Why are you showing this to me, Im unworthy, I dont deserve it. I repeated, There are people who have been religious all their lives and havent experienced this, they deserve it, not me. Things went on like this for some time, I have no idea how long. I can only say that the total ride time from where I got on to where I exited the train was about 50 minutes and the event did not start right away, but perhaps half-way through the journey. The love just kept flowing over me, but no answer to my questions came. At times, the love pouring over me and enveloping me seemed like water flowing, at another moment, it seemed like gold coins being poured over me and it just didnt end. Gradually, I stopped crying and stopped asking questions, I just relished it and continued to feel so very luck.  Eventually, I got off the train at my station. Im not sure how long I waited for my bus or if I even waited at all. The blissful state of being divinely loved took center stage and nothing else mattered at all to me. The bus took off and I started to cry again, again hiding from others. I re-asked my questions, but still no answers. Details of the bus ride are a little unclear, but I remember there was music, too. It started early in the experience and it was as if Jesus were singing a particular song to me, one that I had liked, but not thought much about. It was a popular song from the late 60s sung by Petula Clark called My Love is Warmer than the Sunshine. It was repeating constantly in my mind, as if it were Jesus trying to find an analogy that would resonate with me. Ive copied the lyrics that just kept repeating in my mind. As I heard them sung with Petulas voice, but Jesus intentions, I thought deeply about each line and could really FEEL it somehow. They were no longer just silly lyrics from a pop song, but felt experiences of the most profound type. My love is warmer than the warmest sunshine, softer than a sigh. My love is deeper than the deepest ocean, wider than the sky. My love is brighter than the brightest star that shines every night above. And there is nothing in this world that can ever change my love. I know the ride to my friends house took about 25 minutes, although I had no real sense of time during this event. At some point during the ride or shortly after I got off the bus and starting walking towards her place I began to wonder if the event was going to stop and, if it didnt, what I would do, how could I visit with my friend. It wasnt a terrible worry, it just occurred to me that I just couldnt function normally with what was happening to me. This is where the plot thickens. I began the walk to my friends home. It had snowed and there were icicles hanging from the trees. In my love-enveloped state, I began to look at world and it was not as I had ever seen it before. Somehow, I had the feeling that Jesus was showing me how he saw the world, but that was a guess, he wasnt talking. Somehow, it wasnt substantial, but rather all made of the same beauti",,USA    Q.,"50,000",atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",post,I was w,,single,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
484,ME ,1352,41,,F,"I felt excited, happy and when she hugged me a warmth of joy! Words here on earth do no justice to explain how it felt! I remember calling her sister that morning with joy and excitement but also apprehension. would she believe or not. My duty was to my patient who wanted her sister to know she was excited and joyful to be going home! I called Cin, told her I had to speak to her and would it be okay. I was welcomed, I went first to Dee laying in a coma, bloated, ball headed and took her hand. I whispered in her ear, told her I would pass her message on to Cin and gave her a kiss. I told Cin, you are going to think I am crazy and she laughed, stated she already thought that. It made it easy to tell her all and she cried. She stated she believed me without a doubt, for she had experienced something similar when her Mom had died. She thanked me and was glad I told her.    ",,Us    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Certifi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
485,OBE,1054,27,,F,"my consciousness popped out of my body and up over the SUV. I was floating about three feet above the roof. I could see the burgundy color, along with the four metal strips that were supposed to pass for a luggage rack. I took a greater interest in the lush trees and foliage to my right as the SUV continued along the bridge and the land dropped away. With just the slightest desire to have a closer look, I plunged over the side of the bridge and followed the tree line all the way down to the river, a considerable drop of 876 feet. I could see every leaf, every detail. As I skimmed over the water, I could see every rock beneath its surface. Then I headed back up the other side, keeping pace with the SUV my body still resided in. I came along side the vehicle, but I was still curious about the landscape, so I willed myself to separate from the SUV and go off on my own. I had no fear of doing this. I did not feel any excitement or anxiety. I only felt peace, joy and fascination. As I continued to float along the tops of the trees, however, they began to change. They no longer looked like earthly trees. The greens became iridescent, billowing, undulating. Then other colors were added to the greens \xe2\x80\x93 otherworldly colors that glowed as if lit from behind by the sun.  Then the SUV\xe2\x80\x99s driver spoke, and like a shot, I was back in my body. I instantly sat up in my chair and swatted his arm. \xe2\x80\x9cWhy did you have to talk??!\xe2\x80\x9d I asked with just a touch of irritation. He and his wife looked at me as if I had lost my mind until I explained what had happened. They are open-minded spiritual people, and they believed me.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,Graphic,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
486,ME ,1345,31,,M,"Then,1st day of programme,after about an hour,Time was around 1900 hrs IST, Our teacher talked about how OM is a sound resonating in universe,and it didnt make any sense to me.She asked us to close eyes and slowly say OM. When I slowly said OMwith closed eyes,I felt a tinkling of energy,starting around Navel area,going through Chest,and ending somewhere in Head.It felt wonderful. She asked us to repeat,2nd time when I said OM,Suddenly,in less than a fraction of second,It occured to me that this is a vibratory energy everything is made of,and a sudden ecstasy/happiness dawned on me. I was feeling elated,wonderful in knowing that it is just ONE in universe. When I walked out of classroom,took out my car keys,saw that energy in keys,in car,on road,in people walking on road,on trees, in distant stars, I could actually see Energy falling from sky,and as clearly as we see rain. I was ecstatic/on peak of happiness,it was like I will burst with happiness. I was driving alone,in ecstasy, decided to stop my car at a corner.I stopped my car,and just sat there for 15-20 minutes,and during those 15-20 minutes,I could Actually See my thoughts floating around my head, as clearly as we see birds flying, and suddenly it occured that These thoughts were not mine, These thoughts are not me, this mind is not me,I am something other than Thoughts and mind, and there was no doubt left,as I saw my thoughts as clearly as birds flying. I was overjoyed/ecstatic/passing peak of happiness/bursting with happiness,and I remained in this mood for about 22 days. I couldnt sleep with ecstasy.    ",,Indian,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Hindu,Hindu,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",maste,Navigat,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
487,ME ,1220,8,,F,"I stared into my own eyes in the mirror, asking, Who am I, really? After a few minutes of staring, a voice answered, I am the one who looks out from behind your eyes.    ",,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,n/a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
488,ADC,1434,45,,F,"Wish you were here. (a poem) You would love this place Dad, this forest mountain trail meandering past turquoise glacier lakes, cutting across a steep treeless loose-gravel scree. The path turns to switchback up a bare-dirt shoulder smoothed by winter\xe2\x80\x99s snow melting. At the crest, suddenly the view opens up expansive, to all horizons like the Swiss Alps. The whole Cascade range is carved at my feet: vivid green chasms, peaks painted white, no hint of civilization.  A pure sky of small cotton ball clouds streams from the horizon directly toward me, and I have to brace against this wild steady wind that spurs an endless herd of white stallions. Suddenly close and larger when leaping over this ridge, they tuck their legs at the last minute, skirting these wind-braced gnarled trees and my hand stretching up.  I used to tag along on your weekend hikes to places like this, your sanctuary. Me scurrying behind with little legs, trying to keep up with your tall, long easy strides. Death is the mystery, but I can sense you here now, Dad, in the mountains. Forgiveness allows my heart to expand; love created this place and is greater than space and time.  But I don\xe2\x80\x99t hike like you did, I mountain bike. I pick up my machine here to ride back down, put on a helmet and earbuds for my Ipod. Swooping down the trail weaving through banked turns, speed and reactions are too quick for thought: rocks, a few feet of air. Me and two wheels quietly carve turns around huge ancient cedars skyscraper tall, their wizened moss-bearded branches sleepily brush puffy mist above. A postcard-intense azure sky between their reddish-brown trunks. A rush flying weightless through adrenaline-fueled bliss, this is my cathedral.  As I ride, a favorite song by Incubus always makes me think of you. It has become my prayer, telling you I am ok now.   I dig my toes into the sand,   the ocean looks like a thousand diamonds strewn across a blue blanket   I lean against the wind   Pretend that I am weightless   And in this moment I am happy.   I Wish You Were Here\xe2\x80\xa6.     I lay my head onto the sand.   The sky resembles a backlit canopy with holes punched in it.   Im counting ufos.   I signal them with my lighter   and in this moment i am happy,  I had a rare chance to visit your grave, passing through on my motorcycle. So many years ago this dot on a map, a hiccup in a straight flat line, was the stifling world I escaped at eighteen. Now its just a hot, dusty-small, freeway town. Surreally, everyone is a stranger. An earlier self\xe2\x80\x99s memories are just a story, gratefully too distant for emotions. The gravel road turns behind juvenile hall where I waited for my new foster mom after you died. The tiny catholic cemetery holds a few hundred family histories, a white, white statue, larger than life, divides two centuries. Mary, weeping, holds tortured Jesus in her lap. I know, neither one of us is Catholic, but mom was. I park the motorcycle. One key with one fob, a little silver disc etched with three lines one side, three broken lines the other; I-Ching symbols for Heaven and Earth.  Two unkempt, neglected yellow rose bushes grown mis-matched almost cover your name, so I trim a few branches. Ive never believed a spirit is buried, you are not here. But this is the last place on earth our paths intersected, so where else to go? No dates on the stone, I am sorry. I was too young to remember when the funeral home asked. But I am ok now.  You would be so proud of your beautiful granddaughters. The best of all of us, together.  You would like my husband, my soulmate. With him I\xe2\x80\x99ve surfed tropical waters with whales and turtles, biked Canadian passes, found love. Your spirit doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have to carry the burden of our grief anymore. I am no longer in a place of confused tears. Not even here. This sunny day.  Birds practice their songs above me, sitting back on an old tree; leaves quietly stirring sunbeams. I\xe2\x80\x99ve always liked the Hispanic graves, decorated like a party. A family has recently left, spending a few happy hours with a beloved. Shiny balloons gently sway in the breeze.  Its a relief to share the peace we both so desperately needed so long ago. Then thoughts of the remaining day start to impede. A grocery list of errands, people to visit, hours on a clock, all interrupt me to leave. From the cool mowed grass I pick up my smartphone filled with facebook and emails, then in my hand the phone plays Wish You Were Here.  Dad. Are you telling me youre ok now too? I put the phone down to be here, a little while longer.  Love is greater than space and time.     ",,born citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,By the,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
489,DEE,1062,39,,F,"My first memory after the surgery was awakening in a very dark room and I was completely worn out from being cold. I was still shivering and all I could think about was being warm again. I was in a warming-type tube that was pumping hot air to warm me up. I have no idea of the time or how long I was drifting in and out of sleep. As I was lying there freezing &amp; shivering, I clearly remember that while my eyes were closed the light came on in the room. Instantly I was warm. I remember thinking, oh wow, I am finally warm. I was so relaxed and relieved to not be shivering. I was literally lying there basking in this warm light feeling so wonderful! At some point my logical side asked the question of who turned on the light? When I opened my eyes the entire room was filled with a brilliant light. What I remember very well was that this light although very bright, did not hurt my eyes. The light was beautiful, peaceful, pure. It is difficult to have the proper adjectives to describe this light. At some point I began looking around the room. Sitting at the foot of my bed was the figure of a man. I could not see his face as the light appeared to be radiating from behind Him. I knew without a doubt that this man was someone very important and spiritual. I felt no fear and had complete understanding at the time that I was in the presence of someone from heaven. Without speaking the way we do here on earth, He spoke to me. He said 4 very clear sentences to me. 1. You are going to be alright. 2. I have work for you to do. (I then asked, What kind of work? I will do anything.) 3. In My own time. 4. Now rest my child. It seemed that within a few seconds after the final message, the light went away and I immediately began shivering again and was cold.  I glanced over at my sleeping husband and said, did you see him? He looked at me as if I were crazy. I remember thinking that I had dreamt this but it was so very real, so physical and so peaceful. I was unable to really talk about this experience for a very long time. When I was able to share it, it was very, very emotional for me. I felt unworthy of this visit. Why me?  I also felt a profound peace concerning death. I knew without a shadow of a doubt that what I experienced was real and that when I did die, I would be going to a wonderful place where I would always be warm.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Biology,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
490,NDA,1565,70,,M,"I was out of my body, looking down on Jesus Christ carrying my physical body in his arms which appeared to be as light as a feather. As Jesus walked through clouds, I could see fireworks going off all around us. I was telepathically told these were prayers and I could feel the energy from them. I could feel unconditional love, comfort, and somehow I knew that I would be okay.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",Junio,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
491,ME ,1554,39,,M,I realized my nature isn&#180;t n the field of thoughts    ,,Spanish,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",post,Medical,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
492,OBE,1532,42,,M,"As above there was no use of senses as we know them just an understanding that although I could not physically see, touch, smell, or hear anything I was yet able to know everything and that what I was experiencing was very real.    ",,UK and Au,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Interna,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
493,NDA,1386,17,,F,"One night, I had a dream. I remember being outside of my grandfather house. Outside of the house was my grandfather. He approached me, and we were happy to see each other. I knew it had been a while since I saw him. And, I also knew that she was currently sick and afraid of him leaving me [to the afterlife]. My grandfather took my hand, and we walked into his house. The view inside the house, during the dream, was identical to his real house. What I found unusual was that all the lights were out except the one straight ahead- his room.  As we proceeded to walk towards his room, he was telling me that things were going to be fine. That, at first, things were going to feel like they are spinning out of control. As if I was standing with my arms out, spinning in circles, losing my balance- THAT type of loss of control. Although I found comfort in his words, I didnt know what he actually meant, until after his death.  When we approached the bedroom door, I could not believe my eyes. In front of me, was a hospital bed and my grandfather was in it! My grandfather was in his bed, facing my direction; he was asleep. Behind him, sitting, was his 2nd wife, his daughter, Lucy, and his son, Danny. To my left [and my grandfathers], sitting on a chair, was my mother. All of them were looking straight at my grandfather. I could not believe that I was in the presence of two grandfathers- and the same one!!  Seeing my grandfather in the hospital bed created a magnetic pull. I could not remove my eyes from him. I had never seen him in such a state. He was always alert, active, and immediately greeting me. This was the first time that I ever saw him so disconnected from everyone else, especially in their presence.  Seeing that there was an empty chair right next to his bed, I immediately sat on it. I felt I was trying to be close to him as I possibly could. This was the man I had loved all my life. He was my father, my comfort, and my strength. I admired this man profusely. And, knowing that I had denied seeing him for so many months, he needed to know I was finally there.  I apologized to him for not being there for when he needed me the most. I told him I was scared of losing him and I was scared that he would pass away once he already saw me. (He had seen every family member, but me. Due to how our relationship was, my withdrawal had shocked everyone. I thought you loved your grandfather, why arent you seeing him? You know that he is dying. Go see him.) Once I finished venting to my grandfather, asking him for forgiveness, his eyes opened. He looked at me. I returned the look. And he closed them again. Right then I knew that I was right. He WAS waiting for me. He wasnt leaving yet because we hadnt said goodbye. And I was the last person that he needed to see. But, I knew that I wasnt ready to let him go. Feeling overwhelmed, I reached out to him. I went for his hand and I grabbed it. It was my first touch with him in months. And once I held his hand, I heard his last breath. I was then informed he died. Everyone around was crying, including myself. With the pain of a broken heart, and having everything feel so real, I immediately woke up from my dream. I woke up sweating and bursting into tears. I could not stop crying. I had felt as if my grandfather had truly passed away.  My mother, who was sleeping next to me at the time (she didnt want to be alone during this moment in her life- being a daddys girl) woke up with fright. She didnt know what happened to me. I relived the dream by telling her every single detail. She reached out to a relative who informed her that my grandfather was still alive. - Exactly one week later, still fearful of my dream, and still avoiding seeing my dying grandfather, my mom informed me that she had just seen my grandfather. She informed me that now it was just a matter of hours or minutes. Without thinking, I immediately got ready. It was probably 10:00-11:00 at night. On my way over there, those fears werent present. But once I walked up to my grandfathers door- all my fears came flooding back. I did not know what to expect. Was my dream just a dream? Or, would it become a reality?? As my mother and I walked in through the door. My heart slumped to the bottom of my stomach. Just like my dream- the house was dark except for the back room- my grandfathers room. I began to experience anxiety. I was praying my steps towards the room would be nothing like my dream. I had so much hope in those few seconds which felt like an hour. When I walked into the bedroom, there he was: my grandfather laying on a bed, facing my direction. Behind him, my 2nd wife, my aunt Lucy, and my uncle Danny. My mother took a seat to my left. And I, I was offered the empty seat next to him. The seat from my dreams!  I had so many thoughts come up. I could not believe that I was r",,US Citize,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,High Sc,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
494,NDA,1208,53,,M," While semi-conscious, I was transported to a barren planet where I received a review of my life andwas sure that I would have to spend eternity alone.I was sure I was in Hell. I recived guidance to Return to the church of your youth and atone for your sins I was scared out of my wits.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Colonel,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
495,ADC,1492,29,,F,"At the time, I had been teaching at a certain elementary school for about a year. I didnt really know any other teachers, just kept to those in my grade level. I had a dream one night about a co-workers father. I didnt know this co-worker, barely knew her first name. I didnt even talk to her as we werent even in the same grade level. It was odd that I would randomly dream about her as she was just an acquaintance. In the dream, I entered a bedroom of what seemed to be an older home. I saw this co-workers father, sitting up in a twin sized bed which was up against the wall. He was very happy, smiling, motioned me to come near him. I noticed his hands were at his heart, as if showing me he was in pain or had been in pain. Then he told me that his heart did indeed hurt, but that he wanted me to tell his daughter that he loved her very much. He did this without actually speaking. It was nonverbal communication. Thats all I remember about the dream.    ",,citizen,"50,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,element,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
496,ME ,1018,30,,M,"I felt an immense wave of well-being flow through me, a sensation of deep love and compassion, accompanied by a physical sensation of being hugged around my arms and chest. I clearly heard the words But you are Loved within my head. The sensation probably lasted less than a minute, but left me feeling euphoric, awed, and profoundly valued and loved, as if I now had an inner assurance that everything would be OK, there was nothing to worry about, and that I could go about the rest of my life with a conviction that there was a dimension of reality beyond what we perceive on a daily basis.    ",,British,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Marine,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
497,ME ,1284,36,,F,"Synchronicity \xe2\x80\x93 This is my calling\xe2\x80\xa6Why the mental health system is antiquated, and why we need to stop pretending we\xe2\x80\x99re robots in a naturally spiritual world. After years of searching for my life purpose it was handed to me on a plate, quite literally from the Universe straight into my head, like a light bulb suddenly being switched on in a deep dark cave of confusion. Please don\xe2\x80\x99t lose me here, you may be thinking: \xe2\x80\x98so who are you and what do you know about re-evaluating the conceptual framework around mental illness or achieving universal peace?\xe2\x80\x99 That is exactly what I thought when the information came to me; I am no Professor or academic guru. That is the point, this has nothing to do with who I am, I have been given this message to prove that anybody of any intellect or social standing can tap into the psychic realm and see a universal truth; all you have to do is ask the question and then believe in the answer.  I have been told by spirit that the mental health system in our Western society desperately needs modifying in terms of spiritual experience. Mental distress is actually a fallacy of modern society which is ever increasing in line with consumerism and will continue to do so unless we acknowledge the problems we are creating. We must see mental distress of any kind with new eyes if human evolution is going to continue in the way it is meant. Mental distress originates in fear, a fear lodged in our past that we carry with us into the present, and project into the future, a destructive fear from which we can be free, individually, and so, universally. Now here\xe2\x80\x99s the irony:My fear of speaking out about this message and how it came to me \xe2\x80\x93 the message that it is fear that stops mankind achieving mental wellbeing, happiness and fundamentally Universal peace \xe2\x80\x93 nearly stopped me from following my path, after years of searching! I don\xe2\x80\x99t deny that I\xe2\x80\x99m not still scared, but what kind of hypocrite would I be if I were to tell everyone they didn\xe2\x80\x99t need to be scared, if I were too afraid to put my head above the parapet and risk being shot at? Before I had my \xe2\x80\x98experience\xe2\x80\x99 I knew nothing about spirituality, and even less about religion. So what happened was as incredulous to me as what you are going to read may sound to you! I have, however, always had good intuition and a kind of underlying \xe2\x80\x98knowing\xe2\x80\x99 since childhood that I\xe2\x80\x99ve been searching for something that was missing, like I always knew there was another dimension even though society and my education told me otherwise. I was about 12 when I read the book \xe2\x80\x98Utopia\xe2\x80\x99 and to me it was more than just fiction, it was a possibility. Now I don\xe2\x80\x99t just think it\xe2\x80\x99s achievable; I know how. It all happened when I had started to meditate at the same time as thinking more deeply about what to be \xe2\x80\x98mentally ill\xe2\x80\x99 actually means. I\xe2\x80\x99d worked within the field for long enough to know about academic theory; the nature / nurture argument and chemical imbalances. What was the truth? I started to question my own sanity, I have always been very sensitive and emotional; where do you draw the line? I am well aware that by writing this, that by voicing my beliefs that I have channelled a message from the spiritual realm, I could be seen by some working within the mental health field as being deluded or having experienced a psychotic episode. You may choose to believe that this is the rambling of an unstable mind, you may suggest that what I am saying is insane. I, however, now know that the real insanity would be for me to ignore such an important message. If I were to ignore it and deny myself my truth for fear of speaking out against a system, I know that I would become mentally distressed \xe2\x80\x93 and that is also proof enough for me to know that the message I have been given is the truth. Many people who try to speak out about their psychic experiences are told that what they are experiencing is not real; that they are \xe2\x80\x98mad\xe2\x80\x99. So either way, if somebody has a spiritual experience they are more than likely doomed to some form of mental distress, predominantly not from the experience itself, but from either repressing it due to fear, or from believing they are going \xe2\x80\x98mad\xe2\x80\x99 if they do dare to speak out because they are told that what is happening to them isn\xe2\x80\x99t real. The message I was given confirmed all of this. So I had been contemplating the true nature of mental illness, and whether indeed I was mentally unwell, and my brain went into overload so I decided I needed to try to relax. I went into a meditation and what I experi",,British,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,I have,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
498,ME ,1034,35,,F,"Im not sure what happened. It wasnt a voice or a feeling. I just knew I had to stop living the way I was and I was not even sure why but it was so overwhelming that I could not avoid that one truth on that day. It came up inside of me and told me to stop. I knew that it was not my idea and I also knew I had to obey but that I would be ok. I was not scared and I did not know what to do. I found my way to a local DSS office, never having been to one before and lay on the floor in full withdrawal and asked for help. I was given a bus schedule to a rehab and found my way to it. I have been sober ever since by following spiritual priciples of my 12 step group.    ",,American,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",Some,Chef,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
499,DEE,1319,51,,F,"I awoke at 2:00 a.m. and noticed a dim light that appeared to be emanating from the wall in the hallway. I thought that was odd, as all the lights in our apartment were turned off and my husband was asleep in the living room. I sat up in bed to get a closer look when I saw two images very clearly displayed on the hallway wall, which appeared in the center of that dim light. They were two shadows, one in the shape of a butterfly and one in the shape of a dove. They were quite detailed. The butterfly, for example, had the veins in its wings prominently outlined as if it were made of stained glass- but it was a shadow, in black and white. The dove also appeared to resemble an image you might see on stained glass, only black and white. I sat up further and spoke out loud to myself: I am awake. This is real. What I am seeing is real... Then, the butterflys wings began to move and it flew up the wall and to the ceiling, where it disappeared. Next, the doves wings began to flutter, and it also moved up toward the ceiling and disappeared. I had the intense impression that this was a sign that I had moved in a positive spiritual direction that day, by having that talk earlier with my husband in which I opened up about myself. I felt very, very happy. Not ecstatic, just happy. I remember smiling intensely before going back to sleep.    ",,US    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,weekly,seldom,moder,littl,"100,000+",maste,Speech-,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
500,SDE,1309,48,,F,"My mother seemed to be vacillating between this world and the next. She had facial expressions of surprise, distress, amazement, peace. She spoke of seeing angels, hearing beautiful music, and that people were there with her that had died before her.    ",,Citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Part ti,,single,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
501,DEE,1349,44,,F,"At that moment when I was in despair, I felt a physical touch in the middle of my forehead, on my third eye, which is what I was told later. It actually gently pushed my head into my pillow. At that moment I felt the most incredible sensation of love, acceptance and forgiveness that I have ever experienced. It only lasted a few brief seconds, but I was absolutely changed forever by the experience.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Freelan,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
502,ADC,1363,25,,F,"I sat on the edge of the bed as Shawn tried to comfort me, my crying seemed to intensify with the downpour of the rain. I looked up at the ceiling in our bedroom asking God for a sign. I asked him as a Catholic, saying out loud: I have faith and I know they say he is in a better place, but I need MORE! I need PROOF that he is OKAY! And just as I shouted this at God a sudden loud bang and flash of white light filled the bedroom. Shawn and I physically jumped out of bed because the crash was so loud we thought the window was going to crash in on us. We looked at each other, puzzled. Was that for us? Because the timing was just as if God was answering my prayer. Just as that happened we began to calm down and the rain also subsided. I told Shawn that it felt like an answer from God and it was so strange. The next morning Shawn went out to our car that was parked on the street. He heard muffled music playing that grew louder as he got nearer. When he opened the car door the radio was blasting music very loud on my brothers favourite radio station. When Shawn tried to shut the radio off, it would not turn off, he had to pull the system out of its dock to make it turn off. The radio remained like that for years. The wires were fried because that night our building and our car was hit by lightening, the very lightening that crashed outside our window at the very moment I asked God for a sign / for proof that John was okay. That isnt the end of it. From then on it was like the floodgates had opened. I got all kinds of signs from John, all kinds of instances of after-death communication, including a full apparition, physical phenomenon, electronic phenomenon and I would like to share that all here. I could write my own book about all the signs John gave me and my family after his death. He loved us so much his love transcended death and the tragedy of his loss made it that much more important that he get through to us and let us know he was okay. And God made it possible for him to do that.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Teacher,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
503,ADC,1492,29,,F,"At the time, I had been teaching at a certain elementary school for about a year. I didnt really know any other teachers, just kept to those in my grade level. I had a dream one night about a co-workers father. I didnt know this co-worker, barely knew her first name. I didnt even talk to her as we werent even in the same grade level. It was odd that I would randomly dream about her as she was just an acquaintance. In the dream, I entered a bedroom of what seemed to be an older home. I saw this co-workers father, sitting up in a twin sized bed which was up against the wall. He was very happy, smiling, motioned me to come near him. I noticed his hands were at his heart, as if showing me he was in pain or had been in pain. Then he told me that his heart did indeed hurt, but that he wanted me to tell his daughter that he loved her very much. He did this without actually speaking. It was nonverbal communication. Thats all I remember about the dream.    ",,citizen,"50,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,element,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
504,OBE,1259,30,,F,"This sense of Oneness remained with me so tangibly and ther4e was a sense of Presence which lasted for many months. I used to wake up in the morning and my first thought was Is it still there?. I didnt see phenomena outside myself, it was a sense of Pure Being. It was as if a portion of my brain/mind had died or been forgotten and a new holistic awareness was now able to answer every question I had. I was drawn to classical music, especially Beethoven, and I bought Shakespeares works and felt I understood it all even though I had no interest before. This all began to happen 36 years ago and now its all a distant memory. But I KNOW God exists and that existence manifests as Love including Law.     ",,German,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
505,DEE,1255,19,,F,What I learned was that we are not the only being occupying this space    ,,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,student,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
506,ADC,1407,44,,F,"During my few encounters while I was asleep, I always woke up a little amused I had another message from Dad. I always felt his presence in my dream like he was sitting next to me. These were really clear, concise experiences. I experienced him as though he was in his 20s vibrant,strong, full head of hair, but with the persona of when he died in his 80s. The last one I had was the one that had the most dramatic influence on my spiritual life. He communicated with me about something mundane again I actually dont recall the issue now. But after that communication, he told me that he would not be communicating with me anymore. I cant say that it was like a conversation. It was more like just receiving this knowledge in a full block, or like being filled with it. The communication gave me the knowledge that it was difficult for him to be sort of tethered to this world because where he was was so glorious and full of joy that he just couldnt maintain a focus on my world anymoe. With that communication was delivered a sense or an experience of that glory and joy. I was overwhelmed with the thought of it. I woke up in tears for both what I had seen and also knowing that what I thought was an almost funny link to my deceased father that would go on for the rest of my life, was over. I havent heard from him since, but I feel the experience gave me knowledge that I almost wasnt supposed to have.    ",,US citize,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",colle,I am a,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
507,ME ,1462,23,,M,"Floating in an erect and body as light air: As I was walking, I became aware of a strangely subtle force coming over me. I felt a kind of vibration starting to run up through my body. It was soft at first, then became more pronounced as time went on. I felt the top of my head being pulled straight up while at the same time, my hips were being pulled downward into the earth. It felt as though I was being supported by a bolt of energy that literally ran through my body. The energy expanded from above me and from down below at the same time. My posture became very straight and It felt as though I was floating and weightless within it. I was surprised at how effortless it was to be so light and erect. It reminded me of the description a Tai Chi teacher once gave me of how to stand correctly, as if heaven were pulling me upwards by the top of my head and earth pulling me downwards from somewhere near the prostrate.  Effortless Breathing  Breathing became deep, light and effortless. I found myself witnessing each breath without the experience of guilt or anxiety resisting each in or exhale. All the usual tension in my solar plexus, tightness in my diagram and tension in my lungs had vanished. Breathing became a brand new experience for me, where I was able to take very satisfying and refreshing breaths.I marveled at what was happening to me, It felt wonderful to feel so free and light on the earth in my body. After time it occurred to me that this experience surely couldnt last very long because it felt so wonderful. I waited a while to see if it would leave. I waited for the familiar tension, anxiety, the heaviness of the body and breath to return. After a very short time, I let go and allowed the wonderful experience to guide me. Where did the mind go? As I surrendered more to the experience I became aware that thoughts werent being created on the fly, I had them, but I was creating them when needed and by choice, by powerful choice, they werent free floating and coming out of no where and they certainly werent attacking me. It was like the experiences of floating lightly within my body that had a very erect posture or breathing unburdened by guilt, anxiety, depression, anger, self hatred, self judgement. Now I was experiencing emptiness where 100s of thoughts per seconds should have been. The triad of experiences was connected together and created a sense of great joy, understanding and freedom. Freeing because I had always known myself to be what my thoughts told me I was, and here, those thoughts not existing at all, it was a beautiful realization that I still lived on without them. With the mind being opaque, its opinions laid to rest, the veil of ignorance lifted and laid bare, the truth stood squarely in my face, It was awe inspiring it was beautiful, it was more than joyful. There was no doubt about It. It became clear to me that the mind was not all powerful, all knowing or omnipotent, but rather a mirage that wasnt there when looked at from the side of truth. The truth not only showed what the I was part of, bliss, freedom, love, oneness with all, but at the same time, what I have never been; body, guilty and deserving of punishment, hatred, shame, terror and death. The mind was impotent and could not stand its ground when directly facing the truth. Experiencing truth was the most joyous, romantic and blissful experience. I was free from the slavery of illusion, free to experience the reality of my being, free to love and be loved solely because I was.  How could my past vanish without sins being accounted for? I pondered the implications of how such a ferociously powerful mind grasping into every part of my being every second of my life could have been tossed aside into non existence so matter of faculty. All that I had known myself to be was born out of the abuse and abandonment by my parents. Guilt, anxiety, self hatred, fear\xe2\x80\xa6 they had been my family in the absence of a family, all gone in a flash. How could it be that all sins were forgiven just like that as if thered never been a past me? What did this mean about my reality? Then it occurred to me, for the first time in my life, I was awake. I had never experienced being awake like this. By realizing that I was awake, I could see how I had been dreaming. Truth was showing me that the mind had been lulling me into an non ending dream state with all of its endless thoughts. I had simply awoken from a dream of guilt and shame, terror and death and saw that I had been dreaming. Being able to tell the difference between a dream and being awake is the truth, it is everything, all doubt vanishes. It is easy to tell one has been dreaming when one is awake and therefor no the difference between dreaming and experiencing the truth. For an instant, I felt a deep sadness that I had treated God with such d",,USA    Q.,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,weekly,never,avera,none,"0 24,999",Some,Ive had,,single,marri,Unc,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
508,OBE,1200,4,,F,"As the abuse was happening, I recall feeling like I couldnt move and as I looked up into the corner of the room, above the television, I saw myself floating there looking down at myself. The floating version of me seemed ethereal and I recall not seeing an entire body. Then I can hear the television and it felt like I was going back and forth between the floating me and the me on the sofa. I dont recall how long this lasted, and I dont recall anything afterwards.    ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,None,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
509,SDE,1535,30,,F,    ,,Canadian,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Some,secreta,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
510,DEE,1264,70,,F,I did this previously in #8. What did I learn? I learned that I can be at peace with what is happening as I experience a myriad of physical changes in my body and the extreme loss of energy that I began experiencing one year ago. I learned that each moment is to be treasured and I can rest easy no matter what happens to my physical body.    ,,Citizen,1 2000,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,Ordaine,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
511,OBE,1371,26,,M,"What I observed, felt and saw were the most real things I ever experienced. As I slept, I didnt just float away I shot off like a rocket. I was going warp speed with a destination pre-programmed. I didnt know consciously where I was headed, I just knew I was going. It was very much the sensation of flying through space. It was dark like space, but I dont remember darkness. I do recall zooming past worlds, orbs really, not planets in the physical sense, but worlds nonetheless, near and far. I traveled at this warp speed what I could sense was a vast distance, multitudes beyond what we even have measurements for. When I came out of my travels, I found myself in the presence of these two men as described above.  And HERE is the most remarkable, profound, and intense part of this experience: Despite their important work of apparently saving a large population, when I arrived there, they both turned their full attention to me. Here, words truly lose their meaning. I have great reverence for these two men and the work they were seemingly doing, yet despite this they afforded me their full attention and admiration and love. They were happy to see ME! But it was so much more than that. I felt all of the infinite and unconditional love of the universe, the acceptance, everything Dr. Eben discussed in his book, if I may use that cop-out in lieu of attempting to describe the indescribable.  At the time, I had been dealing with being disrespected as a new EMT in a culture that big on attitude and tradition and small on respect. I learned one of the most important lessons of my life in that moment: That every being on earth is greeted with %1,000 full attention, love, admiration, and acceptance by God, with no regard to anything else thats going on. I cant fathom how its possible to everywhere and doing everything at once, despite the fact that I experienced beings capable of that while making me the center and sole focus of all that infinite love.  I clumsily and, I feel, stupidly introduced myself as Josh, from Oregon, as though that would have made sense. It did, apparently. As we all floated above this world with refugees down below, information was exchanged. There was a discussion. I do not recall nor did I upon waking- that discussion that was shared between the three of us. I was there to experience what I had upon my arrival. My mother, whom I was best friends with, died in 2002. My family was shattered, but I was the apple of my mothers eye. Her death is something that I still havent dealt with fully. I sense that this was at the heart of that exchange, however it was with some other part of me that I dont have access to right now.  When this conversation concluded, whatever it was, I remember making the journey back to my body. It was the exact same immeasurable distance, yet the time it took was very... well, there was no quick or slow about it. It just was. When I arrived back to my body, I snapped awake.  I immediately called my father who had been close friends with Pir Vilayat. My dad was very supportive and receptive, even happy that I had such a special dream.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,EMT-Bas,,single,single,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
512,OBE,1346,4,,M,"This seemed very natural, again no big deal  I thought that floating was more fun than just walking, so I concluded that I would run or float everywhere. You know, normal, Thats when the guide reminded me of my body, The guide was like a voice but from behind me and just a few feet above me.    ",,usa    Q.,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"100,000+",colle,none,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
513,NDA,1565,70,,M,"I was out of my body, looking down on Jesus Christ carrying my physical body in his arms which appeared to be as light as a feather. As Jesus walked through clouds, I could see fireworks going off all around us. I was telepathically told these were prayers and I could feel the energy from them. I could feel unconditional love, comfort, and somehow I knew that I would be okay.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",Junio,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
514,ME ,1043,33,,F,I felt absolute love peace. a healing. It happened spontaneously. I longed after this to have more of it and have it happen more frequently.    ,,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
515,ME ,1218,60,,M,"The English language does not have words to adequately describe the feelings but here goes. The atmosphere in the room began slowly to change, it began to thicken and become more dense and there was an overwhelming presence in the room and the atmosphere. It felt as though there was else outside the room, nothing existed outside that room, it was like a separate bubble. Then the sensation of love started to permeate the air. I am not talking of a happy lovey type feeling, no this was an intense overwhelming love that went straight through the body and mind. It was absolute unconditional love and a clear message came into my head that love is the essential truth. The experience was so overwhelming that tears began to flow and I had to move away from the couch so not to wet the person lying there. The sensation lasted for several minutes and then began to fade.    ",,British c,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Outreac,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
516,DEE,1155,46,,F,"How unfortunate that I did not have a cell phone to take a photo of that white board. What I would give today to see it again. Somedays I think it was not real, but then again I know I could call the hospital and find this girl again. She was real. Her name was real. And I have truly never heard the name before. The chances of someone with that name working with him are too astronomical for me to contemplate. Whenever I feel that I am alone, I just remember this amazing sign from God.    ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",colle,Server,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
517,ADC,1363,25,,F,"I sat on the edge of the bed as Shawn tried to comfort me, my crying seemed to intensify with the downpour of the rain. I looked up at the ceiling in our bedroom asking God for a sign. I asked him as a Catholic, saying out loud: I have faith and I know they say he is in a better place, but I need MORE! I need PROOF that he is OKAY! And just as I shouted this at God a sudden loud bang and flash of white light filled the bedroom. Shawn and I physically jumped out of bed because the crash was so loud we thought the window was going to crash in on us. We looked at each other, puzzled. Was that for us? Because the timing was just as if God was answering my prayer. Just as that happened we began to calm down and the rain also subsided. I told Shawn that it felt like an answer from God and it was so strange. The next morning Shawn went out to our car that was parked on the street. He heard muffled music playing that grew louder as he got nearer. When he opened the car door the radio was blasting music very loud on my brothers favourite radio station. When Shawn tried to shut the radio off, it would not turn off, he had to pull the system out of its dock to make it turn off. The radio remained like that for years. The wires were fried because that night our building and our car was hit by lightening, the very lightening that crashed outside our window at the very moment I asked God for a sign / for proof that John was okay. That isnt the end of it. From then on it was like the floodgates had opened. I got all kinds of signs from John, all kinds of instances of after-death communication, including a full apparition, physical phenomenon, electronic phenomenon and I would like to share that all here. I could write my own book about all the signs John gave me and my family after his death. He loved us so much his love transcended death and the tragedy of his loss made it that much more important that he get through to us and let us know he was okay. And God made it possible for him to do that.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Teacher,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
518,ME ,1242,40,,M,see #8 above. It is easier to verbally describe than to type you a message.    ,,citizen U,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,    Q.,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
519,ME ,1550,62,,F,    ,,Canadian,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,yoga te,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
520,DEE,1522,58,,F,"I felt tingling over my shoulders, neck and head and was aware that I had spiritual visitors, possibly three, there was some low level noise/speech that I couldnt decifer. I felt honoured that they had come to visit me, and I raised my head and looked up toward the ceiling a thin, lustrous, moving gold sheet was being moved above me from behind me towards the front of me, and pieces of gold dust were falling from the gold sheet onto me and the bed linen. I looked towards the beds on the other side of the room, and all was as it was before patients and their visitors talking, nursing staff in attendance. I was awake and lucid, and I thought to myself I will survive this (cancer experience and its treatment).    ",,Australia,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,Securit,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
521,NDE,1556,19,,M,"I didnt observe, hear, or feel anything too much. The ringing sound definitely commonly reported. Not too much, probably only the first layer of heaven, no Eben Alexander.    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",atheist,atheist,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
522,ADC,1395,55,,F,"Everything was white, I felt calm and happy. It was very quiet. I believed that Butch was actually communicating with me. Different encounters happened, 1 prior to this and 2 after this.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Registe,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
523,OBE,1005,22,,M,Sorry...see above    ,,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Archite,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
524,ME ,1366,34,,F,"I was sitting under a tree and began to think the tree was conscious. Shortly thereafter I felt I was being contacted by my deceased father who said he was worried about the fact that my mother still smoked. (He died of lung cancer in 1981). After a day another entity took my fathers place. He said his name was Thieliel and that he was a Greek scribe who had been captured by the Assyrians and forced into service. I got a flash of him falling to his death from a tower and some pages of strange script. He said that as a suicide he had chosen to spend some time in the afterlife as a guide to prevent the suicide of someone else.  After this encounter, for several days the world seemed to get darker and more threatening, like, physically. My husband wanted to put me in a mental hospital and I feared Id never see my children again. At the worst of it I said a common Catholic prayer--at that point, I was hearing terrible suffering and was aware of this inky blackness. As soon as I said the prayer, whoosh! right out the top of my head into the Light. The Light was 1) timeless, 2) all knowing, 3) perfect love. I was part of it, yet myself also. I saw in this state that time as we know it is an illusion and that love and knowledge cannot be separated. I also had access to any knowledge, even things that today I would struggle to understand.    ",,I am a US,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
525,NDA,1474,34,,F,"As many people describe accidents, everything seemed to go in slow motion, and I watched. I found that instead of fear, I became very, very calm. I felt that I had no control over what was about to occur, and that was OK. I knew the severity of the situation would surely lead to my death. The feeling is indescribeable really. My past did not flash before me, instead, the only thing that came to me, other than the complete peace and acceptance, was the recurring thought that if I died that day, I would not be able to bring my daughter into the world. I was not pregnant at the time, nor trying to get pregnant. The only thing that mattered though was telling my husband that I loved him and that if I died, I would not be able to have my daughter. I was no longer fearful of death.    ",,USA citiz,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Lab wor,,marri,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
526,ADC,1376,48,,F,"I walked into my house. I still had the door open and I felt a presence behind the door. It was a little unnerving (I had often in my childhood felt unseen presences which frightened me). However this time I stopped and stood still, listening. The information I received was on a knowing level that the presence I felt was my father. He stood very quiet, not intrusive. I felt supported, like he was saying I will be here to help you and Jeremy through. I was pretty distraught most of the time, but his presence was like an anchor. His being there told me there was life after life and where he was was where my son was going also. So that was comforting.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,graphic,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
527,ME ,1414,44,,F,"I felt a heavy melancholy settle within me. It felt like my stomach had dropped out, and I was filled with a large black empty feeling. It was so weird, I told my husband about it. I had never felt that way. The room seemed filled with a gauze of gray cloudiness, that I referred to as drear. I stopped &amp; thought, What is happening here? Then I realized my mother had died. The feeling was so overwhelming, I was sure she had died at that instant, &amp; made a mental note of the time. I had never had so deep a feeling in my life. I told my husband my mom had died. He did not question. He asked if I wanted to call home, &amp; I said, No shes dead. Theres nothing more to do. He asked if I wanted to stop in Rockford where my mom lived, on the way home to Chicago. I said, No. We went to the art fair in Madison as planned, and I slowly prepared myself for what was to come seeing my estranged family again. On the way home to Chicago, we stopped in Rockford for dinner. My husband asked if I wanted to call home or stop. No. I wanted to go home. I needed time.    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,jewelry,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
528,OBE,1495,4,,F,"I remember my mother calling out to my aunt. . .watch her, she likes to stand on the edge of the tub. The next thing I remember is seeing myself being carried by my aunt and placed on the couch. I was watching from above. My aunt was crying and my mother was pulling curlers from her hair. My aunt told her to nevermind her hair, then picked me up and carried me to the car. I did not feel anything. I was an observer. I had no emotion. I had no body that I was aware of. I saw myself laying In the back seat of the car and was seeing the event as a movie, but always from above. It wasnt like I was even connected to them somehow yet I knew who they were and I knew it was me. The next thing I remember is seeing my aunt carrying me through the parking lot with my mother beside her. As we entered the hospital I was laid on a gurney. I heard a nurse say shes going to regurgitate. The next thing I remember was waking up in my own bed, walking into our kitchen where my mother, father, aunt, &amp; grandmother were talking around the table and someone said. . . well look whos awake! and everyone hugged me. I never thought about it until one day when I was a teen, my mother and aunt brought it up and I made fun of my mother needing to do her hair before taking me to the hospital and she said, how do you know that? You were out cold.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,    Q.,,single,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
529,OBE,1258,20,,M,"I was transported to my friends room at his home in West Lafayette, Ind. I was on the ceiling observing him on a cot below. It was evening. I observed that he was in unusual distress and emotional pain. I immediately found myself praying and interceding for him in an unknown tongue that I did not know. When I awoke back in Tulsa in my dorm room at ORU , I felt the heavy peaceful presence of God upon me and I remembered everything about the encounter.    ",,Citizen o,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
530,DEE,1391,27,,F," Immediately after demanding that God prove himself, I became warm and felt as if I were being wrapped in a soft blanket. Then I heard (in my head but more clear than anything ever said) I love you. This was repeated a couple of times, until I stood up and said Ok. Thank you. Then I went in the house. After that I never felt any desire to end my life, or that I was worthless.    ",,US citize,"50,000",agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
531,ADC,1328,56,,F,"I was stunned when I saw the candle. I had never thought about the sun being a candle on someones birthday cake before this. An unburned candle in the middle of a beach in September was highly unusual. In fact, the candle was an exact match to the candles I had at home that fit a tiny brass holder and held the exact same candles that Alan and I had received a few years before at Christmas midnight mass. That size and shape candle is hard to find. The one I had at home was broken and I had looked to replace it for quite some time and never found one to match. I was speechless. I picked up the candle and tears of joy came to my eyes. In fact, that day I was having Alans mother over for lunch, as it was the first time we were experiencing his birthday since he died. She was also speechless when I told her the story. We burned the candle together while we had lunch.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Real Es,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
532,ADC,1012,72,,F,see above    ,,citizen o,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Legal S,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
533,ME ,1387,36,,F,"I was always pulled out of my drunken stupor of the emotional type when I saw the TV screen doing that. It shocked me, I didnt understand what was wrong with the TV. I was never on drugs or alcohol I dont experiment with that stuff. The TV would only go back to regular viewing status if we turned it off and back on again. G did not care one iota about what happened with that TV. But I have always wondered what it was because I have never heard anyone ever talk about it happening to them. Yet it happened to me under these very specific conditions around 6 or 7, maybe 8 times.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Mail/Co,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
534,ME ,1506,44,,F,"I was able to see all my chakras in my meditation..vivid colour red, orange, golden yellow and beautiful green and pink for the heart. I was unable to draw this ecstatic energy to my throat. The explosion of ecstasy or it felt like an orgasm was when it opened up from my heart center. There was no sound or smell but I saw the vast universe and it was filled with Unconditonal LOVE. Love that I have never felt so intensely before in my life.    ",,Landed im,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,YOga te,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
535,DEE,1255,19,,F,What I learned was that we are not the only being occupying this space    ,,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,student,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
536,ADC,1333,59,,F,"I was grieving for the recent passing of my brother. His death caused by prostate cancer had seemed untimely. He also did not want to go and put up quite a fight. At his funeral, I was inconsolable mainly because I felt he had been taken before his time. He also seemed ill prepared for his own departure. I felt guilty also wondering if there was something I could have or should have done to help prolong his life here on earth.  At first I observed what seemed to be a thin mist in the doorway. I also felt his presence very heavily. I was afraid, because I knew what I was experiencing was outside the norm. Every time I started dozing off to sleep I felt pulled towards him on a spiritual level. I must hve fallen asleep or in that space between sleepand conciousness I had an encounter with him. I was able to ask any questions that I wanted to and did. I asked him if he was ok. He explained that he was happy. Knowing how reluctant he was to leave I asked: who helped you. He answered Aubrey not someone I knew or had heard of. He had come to me to let me know not to grieve for him as he had gone on to a better place and he was doing fine.        ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Sales,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
537,DEE,1283,5,,F,"I was sitting in the bed and from the ceiling where the tile was missing came floating a figure. I immediately knew he was the man in the book at the doctor;s office (the blue bible story books with pictures). I felt instantly connected, fully accepted and total freedom of self. I loved him. As soon as he appeared he was looking at me in a very deliberate but loving way. He floated down to the foot of my bed. He was wearing a tunic that covered his feet. He had a sleeveless tunic over the top of a darker color. He had brown shoulder length hair. He looked just like the picture in the book where the little children were sitting in his lap and he was calling the other. In my room he also had a staff. He paused at the foot of my bed and looked directly at me. I felt with everything inside like nwords its going to be ok. His face was looking at me with the expression of one talking with very important but empathetic words, but he never really actually spoke words nor did his mouth move.When He moved, he did not really walk but moved at ta pace similar to a slow deliberate walk. He was semi-tranparant not really clear but I could alsmost see through him. I could see his features but not the color and detail as if he was an opaque human. I I was estatic that he was there. I felt totally loved, accepted and strangely connected to this man. Nothing in the whole worlds mattered but him at this moment. I did not stop to ponder his words but was happy. I wanted to dance with him. As he paused, I scrambled to get out of the bed. As I grabbed my slippers he headed for the door. I exclaimed, Wait I want to go with you. But he went through the door at that instant. I ran to the door and opened it, but he was gone.    ",,US Reside,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,1st gra,,single,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
538,NDE,1509,57,,M,"I awaken to the most beautiful music, but it is so much more than music. It is not just sound, it is everything. Blue is a pronounced theme, but it is so much more than that. There are other colours, yet no darkness, no shadows. The source of the music is a person whose features I cannot see yet somehow know that she is creating the musical accompaniment to this experience. She is the most perfect Phantom of the Opera organist. The sound/music emanates from everywhere, yet I see it as notes floating from a pipe organ, but it is not a pipe organ. It is so much more. I know that she is my sister, yet I dont recognize her. I know that everything is as it should be. There is no time to the experience. It is not like an event that can be measured in minutes, hours, days or years; it simply IS. There is an OBE amidst all of this, which I think has its own area within this questionnaire.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
539,ADC,1402,29,,F,"At the time, I described it as the most real and vivid dream I have ever had. In the dream, my deceased grandfather was communicating with me. He had passed away approximately ten years earlier and I had always said that I couldnt believe how much I missed him, even so many years after his death. This was my first loss and I took his death very hard because he had always been my father figure- my birth father had never been around (and died when I was 5), AND my relationship with my adoptive father was not close at all. Some specific details of the dream were not clear such as where we were or in what capacity my grandfather came to me, but I do remember that in the dream, I was very aware that it was impossible (in my understanding) for him to be there, communicating with me. My response in the dream was basically, How can this be, you are dead? I dont believe he said much to me, but I was so excited to have this time with him and I remember wanting to introduce him to my life since his death. I had no kids when he died and I wasnt married although I was dating my now husband. So, in the dream, I was feverishly trying to catch him up on all the events of my life...getting married, having two beautiful kids, going to university to become a teacher. I wanted him to be proud of me and I wanted so desperately to keep him around and involved in my life.  When I woke up, I truly felt that I had really lived this dream...a feeling I had never had with a dream and I remember wanting to cry because it was so real and vivid and now that I was awake, I couldnt get it back.  This has never happened again, and I always wondered if it was more than a dream.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"50,000 99",some,Stay at,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
540,OBE,1044,29,,F,"I observed my sons spirit in a protective uniform of the canadian mounted horse police. Although a child that would have been mine on earth, he was still with me. He inferred later in my life that he would always be there to protect and guide me. I named him Joseph because he came to me at St Josephs hospital. Also, Chief Joseph was one of my favorite Native Chiefs at the time. I was elated after the incident. I knew he was mine and mine alone. That he survived as a guardian. It told me that my abortion did not kill anyones spirit. I learned that the childs spirit doesnt always enter the womb when conceived.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
541,ME ,1359,48,,F,"My cousin seemed to be kind of sweaty like she had been working hard. She asked me a question that seemed to reverberate across many times and many people and many connections and many places. It was a question that could be applied to any of our family or loved ones or the human race even. It seemed timeless and very expansive. I saw like a rolodex all the people my cousin wanted to know about, as if she could some how page through my heart and mind and bring out everyone in pick form quickly. The question was, and it was directly to my heart/mind not spoken. She wanted to know if The marriage was alright if it was healthy and strong. I felt she was asking about my own marriage as well as someone elses I told her my marriage was good, strong. Some how in stating this it seemed to make her feel assured and more relaxed. I asked her if she was okay, through my heart/mind, she said she was fine, that she was doing a lot of good work here. Then. I woke up!    ",,Citizen,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,Librari,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
542,ME ,1359,48,,F,"My cousin seemed to be kind of sweaty like she had been working hard. She asked me a question that seemed to reverberate across many times and many people and many connections and many places. It was a question that could be applied to any of our family or loved ones or the human race even. It seemed timeless and very expansive. I saw like a rolodex all the people my cousin wanted to know about, as if she could some how page through my heart and mind and bring out everyone in pick form quickly. The question was, and it was directly to my heart/mind not spoken. She wanted to know if The marriage was alright if it was healthy and strong. I felt she was asking about my own marriage as well as someone elses I told her my marriage was good, strong. Some how in stating this it seemed to make her feel assured and more relaxed. I asked her if she was okay, through my heart/mind, she said she was fine, that she was doing a lot of good work here. Then. I woke up!    ",,Citizen,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,Librari,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
543,ADC,1407,44,,F,"During my few encounters while I was asleep, I always woke up a little amused I had another message from Dad. I always felt his presence in my dream like he was sitting next to me. These were really clear, concise experiences. I experienced him as though he was in his 20s vibrant,strong, full head of hair, but with the persona of when he died in his 80s. The last one I had was the one that had the most dramatic influence on my spiritual life. He communicated with me about something mundane again I actually dont recall the issue now. But after that communication, he told me that he would not be communicating with me anymore. I cant say that it was like a conversation. It was more like just receiving this knowledge in a full block, or like being filled with it. The communication gave me the knowledge that it was difficult for him to be sort of tethered to this world because where he was was so glorious and full of joy that he just couldnt maintain a focus on my world anymoe. With that communication was delivered a sense or an experience of that glory and joy. I was overwhelmed with the thought of it. I woke up in tears for both what I had seen and also knowing that what I thought was an almost funny link to my deceased father that would go on for the rest of my life, was over. I havent heard from him since, but I feel the experience gave me knowledge that I almost wasnt supposed to have.    ",,US citize,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",colle,I am a,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
544,DEE,1247,25,,M,"I chanted HU (an ancient name for God on the path of ECKANKAR) after asking to see the ECK Master Rebezar Tarz. In a couple of moments he appeared in my inner vision, his head and shoulders. It was the most incredible experience I have ever had. It was more real than reality. It lasted perhaps a second, two seconds, but I will never forget it. I saw him in full living breathing color. I was looking at him in full conscious awareness, I was not asleep, I was awake. There was LOVE, LOVE pouring off of him, streaming out of him in every direction, so much LOVE I couldnt imagine it. Its more LOVE than anyone could imagine exists and yet it did, and along with that LOVE was LIGHT the most intense but INVISIBLE LIGHT anyone could ever witness, it was invisible but it was as bright as bright could be. The intensity of the LOVE and the LIGHT flowing from this MAGNIFICENT BEING was beyond what my mind could grasp. I couldnt look at it, I turned my face slightly away, although this was all happening within me, I turned it slightly away because what I was seeing and what I was experiencing stunned my human mind, stunned it because the beauty of it, the transcendence of it and the LOVE itself was beyond human imagination. Then it was over. I will never forget it. Now, 35 years later, I still return to it in thought, it is still alive, it is still real. I have had many many other spiritual experiences over the years but this is perhaps the most profound. Any doubts I had about the existence of Rebezar Tarz or other ECK Masters disappeared. It changed my life, 2 seconds in a motel in South Dakota.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Janitor,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
545,NDA,1367,41,,F,I know I saw him standing behind my Mom that day and was really dumbfounded when I realized he really wasnt there. It was as if his spirit was trying to tell me something.    ,,American,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Softwar,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
546,ME ,1361,26,,F,My friends were pouring oil over me anointing me. I had prayed before going to bed that night that God would some how make something in me occur so that I could have faith. One of my friends had a such a deep faith in God and Jesus yet she had no evidence at all because her life was hard. Very difficult circumstances yet she continued to believe in Gods love for her. I thought to myself that I would like to have some of that faith because I admired it. But I knew I didnt have it. So I asked God for it. I said God if you are real please provide me with a bit of faith so that I might believe in you as well.    ,,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,I had j,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
547,ADC,1097,46,,F,"I was asleep, but I was not dreaming. I suddenly knew my dad was there. And he WAS. He was real: this was not a dream. He was healthy and well, and he said, I love you. I couldnt say a word..and then he was gone.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Other,Other,,,never,never,none,very st,"100,000+",some,High sc,,divor,divor,Yes,none,All pleasant,adult
548,ME ,1089,36,,F,"At the time I felt that I met God and learned many things about the universe and my role in it (but I didnt hear anything, I just learned). I also felt conflicted/afraid because I thought that it was impossible to meet God and learn so many things, so I felt like I was losing my mind. However, I managed to keep my job, run my lab, and continue normal living through it without seeking medical attention, so in that sense I had not lost my mind. At the end of it, I had a much more concrete spirituality/belief system. I felt infused with certain knowledge. For example, I had never thought about a triune God, but I was infused with a belief in a triune God and an understanding of the concept (even though I cant put it into words). I felt infused with the concept of a Son of God (Jesus). I saw many levels of overlapping consciousness on earth. I understood my necessary place in the universe through specific visions of relatives/loved ones. I absolutely believed in a God that is love and ultimate reality, who has a hand in everything we do. I was called into contemplation. I had to spend many many hours in silence in Church and on walks. I had to listen to Pachelbels Connon many times. I felt I was learning the most important information available to human beings directly from God.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",post,Profess,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
549,DEE,1351,51,,M,See description above. The woman was like a stream of light in bright colour. I observed her very closely and can remember her vividly. I heard nothing. I felt terrified. What I learned was there is a state of consciousness between the waking state and the sleep state (dream state to me is sleep state). It was much more real than a dream. In fact it seemed completely real.    ,,New Zeala,"251,00",atheist,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Real Es,,divor,single,Unc,very little,All distressing,adult
550,OBE,1259,30,,F,"This sense of Oneness remained with me so tangibly and ther4e was a sense of Presence which lasted for many months. I used to wake up in the morning and my first thought was Is it still there?. I didnt see phenomena outside myself, it was a sense of Pure Being. It was as if a portion of my brain/mind had died or been forgotten and a new holistic awareness was now able to answer every question I had. I was drawn to classical music, especially Beethoven, and I bought Shakespeares works and felt I understood it all even though I had no interest before. This all began to happen 36 years ago and now its all a distant memory. But I KNOW God exists and that existence manifests as Love including Law.     ",,German,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
551,SDE,1278,62,,F,"I was attending a morning funeral of my Bible Study leader, a very kind man named David C., on Saturday, March 15, 2008 at the Trinity Episcopal Church in New York. The large church was packed, as David was much beloved. He was a top executive at Citibank and many co-workers were there. David was a fairly young man at 50 when he passed suddenly of a massive heart attack while he was working out before work at his local gym. While sitting in the church listening to Davids eulogies, his beloved friend and pastor (forgot his name) got up to speak at the front of the church, with Davids coffin near him. I suddenly looked up and midway between the peoples heads and the high ceiling, I saw something that looked different. It was air. Normally, you do not see air but I saw an oval-shaped, contained body of wavy air about 6-7 feet long, hovering near the front of the church where the people were sitting. The wavy air didnt move from its position. It didnt go up or down or right or left. I didnt hear anything, taste anything or touch anything while looking at this image. I just saw it. I didnt feel anything in particular. I just stared at it, without feeling, which is how I usually react when Im witnessing a miracle or something spiritual from God. At some point I stopped looking at it, probably when the funeral was over. In the next day or two I thought about the contained body of wavy air and then I knew that was Davids spirit or soul watching his own funeral, wanting to be there with his beloved wife, sons, family, friends and co-workers. I sent an email to everyone I knew at the funeral to tell them that Davids soul was present with us at his funeral. I hand wrote a note to Davids widow, Cathy, to tell her that David was with her and their sons at his funeral. No one responded to my mail. What the viewing of the wavy air told me was that the Soul and/or Spirit is real. I saw it with my own eyes. Also, that we humans dont really die, we pass on. Yes, our bodies die but our souls are then released and return back into Eternity with God. I like to tell as many people as I can the comforting news that we dont really die, we pass on. And that the Soul, Spirit is real and returns to God when we pass. Some people express comfort to me when I tell them. Some people just stare at me. I feel my job is to just tell people the good news of what I experience spiritually. Whether they believe me or not is up to them. I dont try to convince them that what Im saying is true. I just tell them for them to do with whatever they like.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
552,DEE,1090,24,,M,"A friend of mine, Gary, a co-worker at Babcocks, was trying to convince me of the reality of Spiritualism for several weeks or months prior. I was drowzing in the break room when afterward I recalled hearing a gentle male voice very much like that of a radio announcer explain to me that I needed to spend time with my oldest son, two at the time, due to his three month absence.    ",,I am a Un,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,I was a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
553,ME ,1287,57,,F,"On January 12, 2002 something pivotal happened that enabled me to open my mind to believe in God. My husband Hank and I were staying at a historic, antique-filled bed and breakfast, Butternut Farm, in Glastonbury, Connecticut. (I dont think the owners of this establishment would want it to be made public that their bed and breakfast is haunted.) It was Saturday night and we went to sleep on the comfortable and luxurious bed. In the middle of the night, I woke up, eyes wide open, and sat up tall in bed. Looking back on this experience, I must have looked like I was in one of those movies when someone is under a spell and rises from their sleep with their eyes wide open, back straight as a board. I didnt hear or smell anything and I wasnt touched by anything but I instantly turned my head to the left and saw something. About three feet away from me, suspended in mid air about eye level to me, was a ghost. The ghost was shaped like a huge, round, horizontal Bayer aspirin tablet. It was flat on the top and bottom with rounded edges. It was about two feet in diameter. The ghost was made up of thousands of tiny black particles, each shaped like a sperm, which furiously rotated clockwise as fast as a tornado. It spun around so violently that it spewed off some of the tiny black particles. But, although the ghost was just a couple of feet away and although it was spinning as fast as a tornado, I didnt feel a breeze and none of the particles touched me. It was as if the ghost was contained in its own little world, separate from my human world. This whole experience actually lasted just a few seconds, because as soon as I sat up and turned my head and my eyes saw the ghost, as if it saw me looking at it, it instantly broke down into an amoebic mob of black particles and made a mad dash for the closed old door and disappeared through the long crack of the warped frame. I sat up for a while thinking about this experience. Strangely, I did not feel fear because if I did, I would have awakened my husband. I did feel a sort of fear because I didnt want to put my head back down on the pillow, afraid to go back to sleep, afraid the ghost would return. But I was very tired and layed back down to ponder what I should do. The next thing I knew, it was morning. As soon as we woke up, I told Hank about the ghost. He just listened to me. He looked like he was believing me. I told him there probably was a small chance it was all a dream but I didnt think so. It didnt feel like a dream. It felt real and I remembered it in vivid detail. When we went downstairs for breakfast, I was so excited that I told everyone in the dining room what happened to me that night. The two owners mockingly pooh-poohed my story but there was a visiting pastor from Pennsylvania. She also stayed overnight because she was to give a sermon at a nearby church. She confirmed that she was also visited by the ghost. She said she didnt see what I saw but she woke up during the night and felt its presence sitting in a chair by her bed. She said that in her line of work, people often came to her with stories and issues concerning ghosts and spirits. With the pastor as witness, I was validated 100% that I did indeed see a ghost. Actually, I think this pastor was an Angel because in the days ahead I tried to reach her but I couldnt find her anywhere, even though she gave me her business card. It was as if she disappeared. Seeing the ghost was a shocking but crucial experience. It had served a greater purpose in my life than just to amaze me. It took about a year for me to digest and process the ghost before I could tell anyone else. Then I told a friend. After getting this experience out, I started to really think about the ghost. It suddenly dawned on me that I saw a ghost! The reality of seeing a ghost, I realized, became proof that there really was a spiritual world. Standing now on the threshold of this whole new world, my mind looked out and wondered: Wow! Now that I know there really is a spiritual world and that ghosts are real, what else can I believe in? The answer came in my very next breath: God. But, still, I didnt find God for another year. And on that day, everything became crystal clear.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
554,ADC,1304,56,,F,"I saw my father as I had last saw him when he was feeling well before he had cancer. I felt overjoyed to see him and began to run toward him to hug him. He smiled at me with understanding and compassion. He did not visibly speak, but I could hear him speaking to me. He told me I could not hug him yet, but he wanted to let me know he understood and I was forgiven. (I had been feeling guilty for a long time that I had not spoken with him honestly about his illness and impending death because we had always been very close.).    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Medical,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
555,NDA,1470,43,,M,"I did not see anything. I felt a sensation like energy pouring through me. It felt positively energizing. I heard the phrase No matter what happens, everything will be ok. I feel like I was somehow changed by that experience because I feel like I do not have to worry about my father. I cannot explain why I have this peace.    ",,Legal U.S,"50,000",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,undec,littl,"50,000 99",colle,Longsho,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
556,DEE,1001,12,,,"I looked behind me to thank the young boy but he was not there. He simply vanished. When I caught up with my friends I asked them if they had seen a young boy and they said no. I assume the young boy was a guardian angel who interevened to save my life. If the snake had bitten me, I would have been dead within 20 minutes. Coral snakes are among the most deadly and venomous in the world.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,,,,,never,never,none,none,"0 24,999",maste,student,,single,marri,,none,,youth
557,OBE,1038,15,,F,"I heard nothing, I just knew that if I wanted too, I could float away. I thought at first it was a dream, but knew it was more than that. I looked at it as a sign. I was going to make it home safe.    ",,Citizen o,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,none,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
558,OBE,1160,32,,F,"Suddenly everything disappeared. It was as though a rent was made in the universe and I saw the other side. But I dont know how to explain what I saw an open clarity, maybe, with no detail present. If there had been a color, it would have been gold, but I dont remember a color. What I experienced was an overwhelming ecstacy. I experienced a feeling, a consciousness that wasnt mine. In fact, I wasnt there. I had no sense of me, just this incredible, ultra real joy. The inability of sensing me scared me so badly I stopped all movement, and instantly I was back on the mat. The event lasted nanoseconds. Maybe just one. But it was so very much more real than anything I had ever experienced. But I experienced the same thing again a few months later. Exactly like the first one Im describing here. Exactly. (Both times as a brown belt in Aikido.) I have no problems appreciating what Dr. Alexander went through. Especially the reality of his experience. I know well that this life we live is a shadow to that.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Radiolo,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
559,NDA,1245,37,,F,"It was beautiful, calm and peaceful. I felt at peace with the death of a 21 year old woman my sense was that she was leaving earth only, but only to go elsewhere.     ",,US Citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,Executi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
560,ADC,1519,70,,F,"After a period of time had passed and my husband continued to breath, I raised my head to look at my family sitting at the bed side. They were quiet and remorseful. But they were not alone. I blinked heavily, trying to clear my eyes but my vision was fine. What I saw was my husband, standing with our family. He wasn\xe2\x80\x99t in a hospital gown with tubes and monitors; he was himself, steady and strong, in street clothing of slacks and a flannel shirt. My family members were solid in the space that their bodies consumed, while my husband was more fluid and seemed to fill the rest of the space. He moved behind one family member to the next. He was composed and serious; the look on his face was one of acceptance that he must leave. Time stood still. And then he disappeared.    ",,Both born,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Human R,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
561,DEE,1177,43,,F,"After hanging up the phone with my younger sister, I said out loud that as a family we could not endure another experience with cancer. My father had died of a glioblastoma at age 54 in 1978. I prayed with concern over my sisters initial test results and began to cry uncontrollably. Very suddenly, I began to feel an exceptionally warm energy burning beneath my stomach but above my abdomen. This warm energy began slowly traveling up through the center of my body. By the time it entered my head, I had received knowledge that my sisters test results would turn out to show a benign condition. I cant describe how I knew this, but I was 100% certain that that would be the outcome and I had received this knowledge from some knowing entity. At the same time this was happening to me, my cat in the hallway started showing very peculiar behavior. He was standing on 3 legs with one of his front legs in the air a position Ive never seen a cat take. In addition, he seemed to be in a trance. When I called his name, he could not hear me. His head was moving slowly from side to side, left to right, like he was transfixed by some image. I looked in the direction of his gaze and saw nothing but darkness. He stayed in this position with these movements for several minutes in a trance-like state. After this was all over for him and me, I phoned my sister back and told her of my experience and told her she had absolutely nothing to worry about concerning the tests she was to take the next day and that I was phoning her now so the next day when she had the tests she would have proof of the truthfulness of my experience.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,assista,,divor,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
562,OBE,1142,27,,F,"I suddenly found myself out of my body looking at myself on the couch sleeping, I walked around the apartment and kept referring back to myself on the couch just to check for security for some reason it was comforting to know I was there even if I wasnt completely inside of myself any longer. I went into the bathroom in this spirit form and saw a great statue perched on the closed toilet seat that looked like a statue but I didnt realize it was the angel of death but either way I didnt feel any fear from it. I saw some mini creatures that were about 2-3 feet in size going into the drain of the bathtub happily and willingly and as the approached the drain they would spin as if being flushed and I could see this great release on their faces and wanted to experience that same release too. So I decided to follow them and the moment I willingly resigned my soul for it to be permitted to be flushed down the bathtub drain I felt for the first time complete separation of myself from something that had always been with me but because I had never been without it I didnt know I had always had it...that was this connection to God. It was only in that vortex that I immediately knew I had made a mistake by stepping into that bathtub drain and called out to God and asked him to take me back to my body on the couch over and over but the tunnel vortex thing I was in spinning inside of and going deeper felt so isolated and I felt so alone and felt that my pleading and cries couldnt even be heard from God. Then the angel I had seen perched on top of the toilet next to the bathtub swooped down and caught me as I was decending in the vortex and I began to justify myself to God asking why would you permit the angel of death to personally escort me to Hell I am not a bad person? I didnt know God had heard my cries finally I saw myself ascending through the floor boards of my apartment and the angel just rolled my spirit like a basketball down the angels arms and back into my body exactly as I was when I left it on the couch. The moment I was rolled out of the angels arms and placed back in my body I instantly opened my eyes and inhaled my life back into me and I knew that I had died for a short while but I didnt know exactly how it had happened. I stayed in that posistion awake asking God if I had had a heart attack or something...this experience changed my outlook on life.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,undec,avera,"25,000 49",docto,graduat,,single,single,Yes,undecided    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
563,OBE,1454,17,,M,"I came back home late at night from a fair that I had gone to with my girlfriend. I went to my room, and I was very sleepy. Although I was really tired, I wanted to stay awake because I still wanted to call my girlfriend before going to bed. The urge to sleep was powerful though, and I started to drift off into a dose.. HOWEVER, I was still AWARE I wanted to stay awake, so consciously I was still fighting the sleep. So I got up. Except.. It wasnt my PHYSICAL body that got up... I.. and not the PHYSICAL I, maybe it was my spirit I dont know, rose up a few feet in the air and stood there as if I was floating. I knew wasnt a dream because I had had several dreams/nightmares up until now, and also I knew I was still in my room in the exact same spot (Despite being in the air) and I saw my television, walls, and things in my room that were already there before, in the exact same place. My sight of these things was shortly focused on something else, as I saw a tall, black, shadowy figure standing right in front of me. I was frozen with fear as obviously this sort of thing doesnt happen everyday for me.. So I just stood there looking at it. It seemed malevolent. I just had this feeling that it knew I was scared of it, and that was an achieved goal for the figure or something, and it slowly started to walk (move, float) towards me. Before it got too close, I woke up.. Or.. Became my physical self again, and I was scared and confused at what just happened..    ",,United St,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Odd Job,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
564,OBE,1371,26,,M,"What I observed, felt and saw were the most real things I ever experienced. As I slept, I didnt just float away I shot off like a rocket. I was going warp speed with a destination pre-programmed. I didnt know consciously where I was headed, I just knew I was going. It was very much the sensation of flying through space. It was dark like space, but I dont remember darkness. I do recall zooming past worlds, orbs really, not planets in the physical sense, but worlds nonetheless, near and far. I traveled at this warp speed what I could sense was a vast distance, multitudes beyond what we even have measurements for. When I came out of my travels, I found myself in the presence of these two men as described above.  And HERE is the most remarkable, profound, and intense part of this experience: Despite their important work of apparently saving a large population, when I arrived there, they both turned their full attention to me. Here, words truly lose their meaning. I have great reverence for these two men and the work they were seemingly doing, yet despite this they afforded me their full attention and admiration and love. They were happy to see ME! But it was so much more than that. I felt all of the infinite and unconditional love of the universe, the acceptance, everything Dr. Eben discussed in his book, if I may use that cop-out in lieu of attempting to describe the indescribable.  At the time, I had been dealing with being disrespected as a new EMT in a culture that big on attitude and tradition and small on respect. I learned one of the most important lessons of my life in that moment: That every being on earth is greeted with %1,000 full attention, love, admiration, and acceptance by God, with no regard to anything else thats going on. I cant fathom how its possible to everywhere and doing everything at once, despite the fact that I experienced beings capable of that while making me the center and sole focus of all that infinite love.  I clumsily and, I feel, stupidly introduced myself as Josh, from Oregon, as though that would have made sense. It did, apparently. As we all floated above this world with refugees down below, information was exchanged. There was a discussion. I do not recall nor did I upon waking- that discussion that was shared between the three of us. I was there to experience what I had upon my arrival. My mother, whom I was best friends with, died in 2002. My family was shattered, but I was the apple of my mothers eye. Her death is something that I still havent dealt with fully. I sense that this was at the heart of that exchange, however it was with some other part of me that I dont have access to right now.  When this conversation concluded, whatever it was, I remember making the journey back to my body. It was the exact same immeasurable distance, yet the time it took was very... well, there was no quick or slow about it. It just was. When I arrived back to my body, I snapped awake.  I immediately called my father who had been close friends with Pir Vilayat. My dad was very supportive and receptive, even happy that I had such a special dream.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,EMT-Bas,,single,single,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
565,NDE,1276,45,,M,"My first memories was a sense of unnatural sounds like the building itself was breathing or living somehow. I saw through the walls to a room that I knew was on another dimension or in a spiritual plane. In this room, men sat and leaned against the walls while they waited. I knew somehow that they were waiting to escort the dead to another place. I knew that I was close to death in this moment and that was the reason I could see them. I was not afraid. I just knew it.  My next memory was of a village setting that looked medieval or European. The streets were cobble stone and the buildings were stone as well. People walked in groups down the road. I think a better description would be that they wondered aimlessly. They looked straight ahead, slightly downward and seemed to be without hope. I had an overwhelming feeling of gloom in this place and I felt as though they were being punished or detained in some way.  The thing that was MOST striking about these visions was there absolute vividness. It was as though I was seeing them with the most high definition TV ever seen. I could not explain how powerful this sense of visual clarity was. It was as though it were more real than real life. Even though these people seemed as though they were not supposed to look at me, occasionally one would lock eyes with me for just a moment. They had such despair in their eyes that it saddened me to make eye contact.  Later I was in this same place in a large arena, though that is not really the right word. It was a place in a large building that had a circular path that came in one door and passed in front of what seemed to be stadium type seating.  I had a feeling that people were paraded through this place in the lines I had seen them walking in on the streets to possibly be judged or reviewed in some way. Again, the architecture was like nothing I have seen here in the states. It seemed very old and mostly made from stone.  My next and final memory was my defining moment where I was like a speck dust floating in a space that felt like a large room. I was exactly like those particles of dust that you see floating randomly in the open space of a room as the sunlight passes through a window. I was free, floating on an invisible river of air through this space, around a tree or plant, feeling sheer joy and amazement. I had no identity in these moments. I had no memory of anything personal or earthly. I only knew that I was truly at peace. I was one with the universe, completely accepted, and loved. I felt such joy in those brief moments that it makes my heart race even now as I recall it. As I passed through this space, I saw a very obvious ray of what I thought was sunshine coming downward from the right from no obvious window or light source. I didnt question anything, but I remember a sense of really hoping that I would drift through this light. As I did enter the light, I felt happiness like I have never known. I felt as though anything I had known before this moment was infantile and insignificant. I knew this was the presence of God, though I did not see a face. I dont even know that I had the ability to look at the source of the light. I just basked in its glory.  I saw flashes or arcs of light zipping above me. They looked like just that really, but I felt like they were something bigger than me, something more than I could even try to understand. Later, I remembered seeing a phenomenon called flying rods that I have seen myself in videos that I have where these things that are not visible to the naked eye show up on high speed video and they appear to swim through the sky with multiple wings on a straight translucent body.  I wonder if these could be what I saw in this place. As far as I know this phenomenon is not explained scientifically yet, but you can find hundreds or thousands of video accounts on youtube by searching for flying rods. I may be nothing, but then again...  I had a number of very substantial things that became known to me in this place. For one, the reason that everyone describes these visions as being so vivid is that we are not looking at them with our failing human eyes. We are seeing them in a supernatural state of being where our tired old eyeballs could not even begin to compare. Also, I became acutely aware that I am a being inside of a being. I felt that I am a spirit aside from the conscious brain thought, which I always thought was ME. Suddenly, I had all of these memories of things like driving on long trips when I am complete zoned out in deep thought, yet somehow my body is driving the car, slowing and speeding up in traffic, using turn signals, and yet I arrive 30 miles later not remembering the drive. It occurred to me that there is a watcher within us that is the true us who is ready to take the wheel at any moment if we zone out, so to s",,US Citize,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Compute,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
566,DEE,1439,42,,M,"I saw the white light an that changed my view of the world. I suddenly understood what love is and the Power of love. I also understood in a different way most of the speaking from Jesus and other spiritual persons as Eckhart Tolle, Deepak Chopra, etc. In some way I just recoqnized what they were saying as the truth.    ",,Norwegian,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
567,ADC,1364,25,,F,"I sat on the edge of the bed as Shawn tried to comfort me, my crying seemed to intensify with the downpour of the rain. I looked up at the ceiling in our bedroom asking God for a sign. I asked him as a Catholic, saying out loud: I have faith and I know they say he is in a better place, but I need MORE! I need PROOF that he is OKAY! And just as I shouted this at God a sudden loud bang and flash of white light filled the bedroom. Shawn and I physically jumped out of bed because the crash was so loud we thought the window was going to crash in on us. We looked at each other, puzzled. Was that for us? Because the timing was just as if God was answering my prayer. Just as that happened we began to calm down and the rain also subsided. I told Shawn that it felt like an answer from God and it was so strange. The next morning Shawn went out to our car that was parked on the street. He heard muffled music playing that grew louder as he got nearer. When he opened the car door the radio was blasting music very loud on my brothers favourite radio station. When Shawn tried to shut the radio off, it would not turn off, he had to pull the system out of its dock to make it turn off. The radio remained like that for years. The wires were fried because that night our building and our car was hit by lightening, the very lightening that crashed outside our window at the very moment I asked God for a sign / for proof that John was okay. That isnt the end of it. From then on it was like the floodgates had opened. I got all kinds of signs from John, all kinds of instances of after-death communication, including a full apparition, physical phenomenon, electronic phenomenon and I would like to share that all here. I could write my own book about all the signs John gave me and my family after his death. He loved us so much his love transcended death and the tragedy of his loss made it that much more important that he get through to us and let us know he was okay. And God made it possible for him to do that.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Teacher,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
568,NDE,1389,47,,F,see #8    ,,US    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"100,000+",post,psychol,,divor,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
569,NDE,1237,35,,M,see #43    ,,US    Q.,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,social,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
570,ME ,1161,4,,F,"Standing in the back yard, deep in thought, suddenly, I was high above everything looking down at myself on the ground. I somehow knew that nothing mattered. I was part of something so much larger that my existence on earth was minor. I surely didnt think those thoughts as a child, but had a knowing that all of this was true. I can still feel it now. Then I was back on the ground, just looking around. Although Ive come to view these three STEs as mystical, I am not wondering if they are out-of-body. Doesnt feel that way, but could be.    ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,n/a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
571,ADC,1114,50,,F,"Im not sure how to classify this experience, but I was in my bed at the end of the day, with my husband beginning to fall asleep beside me, reading an article in a Church magazine. The article grabbed my interest because of its unusual title relating to grief and how those who have passed on are affected by their loved ones grieving for them. I told my husband that he should read the article because it was so unusual, but he said he would read it in the morning. He never did. Within a couple of weeks, he had a motorcycle accident and was killed instantly. After his funeral, I went find the magazine to re-read the article for comfort, but the article was not in the issue I was sure it was in. I looked through many months of the magazine, but was never able to find the article. I have not been able to find a complete message like the one I read that night in any article in any magazine since, however I have found in other publications similar lessons about those who have passed on.    ",,citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Homemak,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
572,DEE,1046,35,,M,"few weeks ago I had a powerful experience. I wouldnt call it a dream. I needed to write it down so I can remember the full intensity of the experience. Also to be able to reflect upon it, both now and in the future.        It has taken me sometime to get it all down; I have laboured to get every moment, every feeling, every thought that I had during it down on these pages- there was a lot to it. Its taken upwards of three weeks to get it all down completely. The experience started with a prayer to God I made the night previous. The prayer was; To show me a path out of my dilemma, and to show me how I got to be where I am now. I went to sleep that night and then I found myself in a familiar room from my past. I found myself in a spectacular room packed with Christmas presents, Christmas ornaments, and a Christmas tree. All unique in the fact that they were all composed of the same colours; black and silver. It was beautiful. It was breathtaking. It was simply astounding to be in the room.        I have a memory of being in that room, long, long ago, possibly even prior to my birth into this world. I remember being in the room and playing with many other children there, all of whom were equally astounded to be there. After playing for a while in this room the adults there began to give away Christmas presents to all of the children. I received my FIRST Christmas present there. I watched, as the other children opened their boxes and they received all kinds of toys, exquisite clothing and other gifts that were extraordinary to be sure, but I chose to wait till the end of the presentations to get my box towards the last. At my turn to receive a gift, what I found inside my box was a small floating glowing crystal.  The adults there asked me if I wanted it. I remember looking at it with intense curiosity. It shone brightly in silver, and then would fade to black- but even then when it was completely black, you could still discern that it was a beautiful crystal. Then after awhile it would lighten, it would become black for a while and then it would become somewhat silver, and then fade back some then again silver and then again black. Sometimes completely black and sometimes brightly silver. Some of the other children had received this type of crystal, as well, in their first Christmas presents. All of the crystals were similar, but each shone and faded at different intervals and for different periods of time. I examined some of the other lucky childrens crystals, some shone brightly silver most of the time, others would shine and then fade at regular intervals, others were erratic- shining and fading at seemingly random intervals. All were beautiful and all looked extremely fragile. All of the other kids who had not received a crystal were jealous of what the lucky children had received. It was like they had not passed some type of a test of character and they were not yet ready for this type of a gift. Again, the adults there in the room with me expressed some doubt, and asked me if I wanted my present? Again I looked and compared my crystal with what the other lucky children had, my crystal with this second look seemed somehow defective. My crystal had long periods where it would be completely dark, several periods where it would be between dark and light, and very short periods where it would shine brighter than any of the other crystals. Then it occurred to me that this wasnt a defective crystal at all, but in fact, a unique crystal that was completely different from any of the others that I had seen. I said yes- I wanted my present, and this present, this present of this oddly glowing and fading crystal was actually the gift of a life in this world. I got my life out of it. The other lucky children got their lives out of their crystals as well, each life different from the next.        This time, now, that I was in the room, everything was the same except there were no other children here. I was equally astounded to be in this meticulously decorated room and yet, I had a sense that I didnt want any of it. That it was just a memory from long ago, and that having matured to middle age- I didnt want any of it anymore. It was like the passing of a stage. How many of the other children had settled for the shiny wrappers and the electric thrills, ornamental clothing and toys, and I, like a few other lucky ones, had waited till the last and received the most precious gift of all- a life, and now I didnt want mine anymore!  And from here I felt I had passed a stage into another room up above the room I had been in. I was lifted up on a strange device that swung me back and forth, gradually upwards towards this other room further up above. This next room was an empty schoolroom, barren and empty except for a freshly shiny-waxed floor and a man in what appeared to be a secu",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Truck d,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
573,OBE,1454,17,,M,"I came back home late at night from a fair that I had gone to with my girlfriend. I went to my room, and I was very sleepy. Although I was really tired, I wanted to stay awake because I still wanted to call my girlfriend before going to bed. The urge to sleep was powerful though, and I started to drift off into a dose.. HOWEVER, I was still AWARE I wanted to stay awake, so consciously I was still fighting the sleep. So I got up. Except.. It wasnt my PHYSICAL body that got up... I.. and not the PHYSICAL I, maybe it was my spirit I dont know, rose up a few feet in the air and stood there as if I was floating. I knew wasnt a dream because I had had several dreams/nightmares up until now, and also I knew I was still in my room in the exact same spot (Despite being in the air) and I saw my television, walls, and things in my room that were already there before, in the exact same place. My sight of these things was shortly focused on something else, as I saw a tall, black, shadowy figure standing right in front of me. I was frozen with fear as obviously this sort of thing doesnt happen everyday for me.. So I just stood there looking at it. It seemed malevolent. I just had this feeling that it knew I was scared of it, and that was an achieved goal for the figure or something, and it slowly started to walk (move, float) towards me. Before it got too close, I woke up.. Or.. Became my physical self again, and I was scared and confused at what just happened..    ",,United St,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Odd Job,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
574,ME ,1479,29,,M,"The exact events went like this: I had a thought, revelation or ephany come into my mind that God was real and he wanted to communicate with me. I thought that the source or origin of such a thought was strange so I thought of the perfect plan to prove myself wrong. I thought that I will ask it three questions that I truly do not know the answer to. I have literally always wanted to know these three questions since I was old enough to think deeply from my teenage years. God then answered them in the exact sequence and in such loving perfection that I now knew that God was indeed real and communicating with me.    ",,American,1 mill,atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio,Sales a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
575,ME ,1108,19,,F,"I was just riding the subway when, out of nowhere, Jesus appeared to me. It wasnt a visual appearance, but sort of in my minds eye, yet his presence was an absolute certainty to me and I could sense him very, very powerfully. He appeared to me as he is so often depicted in European paintings, with a flowing robe, long hair, and a beard but other than that he was in a place that was entirely dark. In other words, I just saw Jesus who was otherwise surrounded by blackness he was all that mattered at that moment. He spoke only once and asked a single question which I will never forget as long I as draw breathe. He asked me, Do you want me to show you how I love you? One would think that his appearance would have surprised me, but I just took it in stride and thought to myself, sure, what the heck, what have I got to lose? I was curious, so I immediately agreed, but I never said yes aloud, but somehow communicated directly and immediately. Jesus, whose arms had been at his side, wordlessly just opened his arms wide open and instantly something happened to me. Now, there are no human words to describe what I felt next. I had the sense of absolutely pure love being poured all over me from above, sort of like being baptized with pure love. It was unlike anything I had ever felt before it was not at all HUMAN love, but far more. There was no ulterior motive, no expectation, no string attached, just pure, altruistic, unadulterated love. I immediately started to just cry and I leaned my arm on the seat in front of me and hid my face so nobody could see me crying like that. (It was Christmas Day and the train was almost completely empty. The closest person to me was half a train car away from me.) The sensation was ineffable and I felt like the luckiest human being who had ever lived. I started asking Jesus questions like, Why are you showing this to me, Im unworthy, I dont deserve it. I repeated, There are people who have been religious all their lives and havent experienced this, they deserve it, not me. Things went on like this for some time, I have no idea how long. I can only say that the total ride time from where I got on to where I exited the train was about 50 minutes and the event did not start right away, but perhaps half-way through the journey. The love just kept flowing over me, but no answer to my questions came. At times, the love pouring over me and enveloping me seemed like water flowing, at another moment, it seemed like gold coins being poured over me and it just didnt end. Gradually, I stopped crying and stopped asking questions, I just relished it and continued to feel so very luck.  Eventually, I got off the train at my station. Im not sure how long I waited for my bus or if I even waited at all. The blissful state of being divinely loved took center stage and nothing else mattered at all to me. The bus took off and I started to cry again, again hiding from others. I re-asked my questions, but still no answers. Details of the bus ride are a little unclear, but I remember there was music, too. It started early in the experience and it was as if Jesus were singing a particular song to me, one that I had liked, but not thought much about. It was a popular song from the late 60s sung by Petula Clark called My Love is Warmer than the Sunshine. It was repeating constantly in my mind, as if it were Jesus trying to find an analogy that would resonate with me. Ive copied the lyrics that just kept repeating in my mind. As I heard them sung with Petulas voice, but Jesus intentions, I thought deeply about each line and could really FEEL it somehow. They were no longer just silly lyrics from a pop song, but felt experiences of the most profound type. My love is warmer than the warmest sunshine, softer than a sigh. My love is deeper than the deepest ocean, wider than the sky. My love is brighter than the brightest star that shines every night above. And there is nothing in this world that can ever change my love. I know the ride to my friends house took about 25 minutes, although I had no real sense of time during this event. At some point during the ride or shortly after I got off the bus and starting walking towards her place I began to wonder if the event was going to stop and, if it didnt, what I would do, how could I visit with my friend. It wasnt a terrible worry, it just occurred to me that I just couldnt function normally with what was happening to me. This is where the plot thickens. I began the walk to my friends home. It had snowed and there were icicles hanging from the trees. In my love-enveloped state, I began to look at world and it was not as I had ever seen it before. Somehow, I had the feeling that Jesus was showing me how he saw the world, but that was a guess, he wasnt talking. Somehow, it wasnt substantial, but rather all made of the same beauti",,USA    Q.,"50,000",atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",post,I was w,,single,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
576,PLR,1194,42,,F,See #43.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",post,Clinica,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
577,ME ,1494,41,,F,"I was extremely relaxed and focussed on the tree I was drawing. I looked up and viewed the scene beyond my tree very large weeping willow trees in the distance, flowers and plants in front of them. The willow trees were gently blowing in the breeze. I just suddenly experienced this intense awareness/knowledge/feeling that everything in the universe was part of one whole, that everything was connected to everything else, and that everything was just the way it was supposed to be. It is very difficult to put this into words. It wasnt an awareness that dawned on me slowly. It occurred instantly, and in that moment of insight, I understood that everything in the universe was as it should be, and that everything was alright. I felt intense peace and in awe of G-ds majesty. I call this my G-d moment. It only lasted a few moments, seconds. But it left me feeling more peaceful than at any other time in my life.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,littl,"100,000+",docto,Dentist,,divor,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
578,ME ,1488,49,,M,"God told me his son died for my sin--honor him. My sins were forgiven. He told me he created me and would one day reclaim me--trust him. I agonized, but submitted. Immediately I heard angels singing; the air smelled sweet. I looked out the window and I could see the molecular structure of everything that was alive. I was weightless. The most astonishing sensation was a feeling of love I had never had before. I couldnt define it or attach words to it and I really didnt want to because I didnt want to tarnish something so pure by putting it in a box.    ",,us citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
579,ADC,1445,27,,F,I awoke in a lot of pain and saw an orb like light that immediately came to me and helped ease my pain it told me that everything would be okay and not to worry. It didnt really speak it told me telepathically and I immediately thought it was my Grandfather. The orb soothed my pain and I feel asleep. I woke the next day knowing it was not a dream. When I went to the doctor they told my there was no heartbeat of the baby anymore and later told me I may contract Cancer. I was never afraid because I knew my grandfather took my baby to heaven and that I would be okay.    ,,citizen,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Some,Secreta,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
580,ADC,1130,40,,F,"I had been painting the wall of our upstairs hallway for what must have been hours. It was late at night, and my husband and two young sons were sound asleep. I was painting with a paint roller---back and forth, back and forth...... All of the sudden, two orbs appeared on my righthand side. They were balls of light about the size of a softball (perhaps a bit larger). They were together, and I knew that these orbs of light were my grandmother and grandfather. I just knew this. It was a known fact even though they didnt speak to me. The orbs then started to move/zoom around my body and then through my body. I remember feeling pure love and joy. It was the most incredible, wonderful feeling. Everything happened very quickly---no longer than a minute. It was truly amazing.    ",,U.S. Citi,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,weekly,week,moder,littl,"100,000+",maste,ESL tea,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
581,OBE,1064,41,,F,"The dream I experienced is very difficult to put into word-- it felt more like an out of body experience. I was flying through the air with my Mom and another unseen presence was also along with us as we were flying over what seemed to be Utopia--a lush, green landscape, over waterfalls and tropical flowers--it was so breathtaking it overwhelmed my visual senses. More importantly is what we both seemed to be feeling during this extreme adventure--indescribable joy, wonder, happiness, laughter, totally carefree and with pure love totally surrounding us. After I awoke and recalled the dream in vivid detail I came to the conclusion that the unseen presence I experienced was God. This dream continues to comfort and reassure me that even though I would learn bad news the next day--my Mom did pass 18 months later-- I have a very special and believable preview of being reunited with her in heaven. I know we will meet again in a place where there is no pain or suffering; only unconditional love.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",High,Custome,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
582,ME ,1067,33,,F,"I prayed for probably 3 4 months, as I continued to read the Course and do the workbook. Suddenly, literally out of the blue, one day I had an encounter with my boss where I felt blamed for something that wasnt my fault. He said something to me, and I responded in a really defensive way. The moment I spoke my response to him, I felt the left side of my scalp tingle. Not just a tiny tingle, but the ENTIRE left side of my scalp really tingled like the way you might imagine it feels when a cats hair stands on end. During this encounter with my boss, I was fully aware something strange had happened on my scalp...but I was too wrapped up in the defensive discussion to really pay that much attention to it. Later on the same day, I had a negative thought about something else, and this very strong tingle thing happened again. Very shortly, I realized what seemed to be happening was that my prayer had been answered...I was being shown without question, which of my thoughts had a negative component to them by having this very strong tingle each and every time I had one! This amazed me, and still does to this day. For the next several months, I got used to this feeling and played around with it. It happens without fail, when I have any thought that violates Gods (or our own) nature. If my thought is really big, the tingle is really big and covers the entire left side of my head. If my thought is smaller, a passing thing, the tingle will still be there...only reduced to a tiny tingle on mostly the top of the left side of my head. As I worked with this feeling, I learned very quickly how to avoid the types of thoughts that would make the tingle happen. At this time, I rarely have the tingle...ie: I have trained my thought process to be much more loving. The tingle is still there very strongly if I slip up, however. I can also make the tingle happen on purpose, simply by deliberately thinking about a very negative or hateful emotion. I thought this was interesting in that it is something I can do at will, as well as it being there to warn me off bad thoughts when I havent been trying.    ",,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",Some,bookkee,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
583,ADC,1085,58,,M,"I fell asleep right away and slept soundly, something I wasnt used to. During my sleep it became light and my dad was right in front of me. He was smiling and told me the answer to my prayers in a way only dad would answer... Charlie, in order to succeed you have to be committed. It was crystal clear that it was him and the message he delivered was meant to reveal the two paths I had to choose from... To be committed to my work or be committed to the Psych ward. I felt such joy as I have ever felt with the surity that the encounter was real and that he knew that I would understand that he is watching over me; that being committed to my work meant being committed to my life. I think of him now when things get a little rough and look forward to seeing him on the othe3r side.    ",,us citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
584,OBE,1341,66,,F,"I decided to take a Past-Life Workshop in the small, homey office of a hypnotist in Katonah, New York last year. Besides the hypnotist, another woman and myself were present. Before the session started, the pleasant hypnotist explained that she was going to hypnotize us. (I tried hypnosis one other time in my life but I couldnt be hypnotized. I thought, however, that I would try it again.) She said we would be going down a long flight of stairs. As we went down, we would be getting more and more tired. When we reached the bottom of the stairs, we would be hypnotized. Then she would direct us to go into a room where we would see who we were and where we were in our past life. It all sounded pretty okay, nothing scary. So, sitting in comfortable chairs, we closed our eyes and the leader directed us down a long flight of stairs. I remember the stairway was dark, but not frightening, and I was getting more and more tired. At the bottom of the stairs, she told us to open the door in front of us and go into the room but I saw a window opened and I flew out instead. I flew out into the dark universe. I wasnt in a spacecraft, it was just me flying. I remember just flying around in the darkness but not feeling afraid. I have a sensation that I was a young woman then, not my senior age at the time of this STE. I never actually heard anything. My experience was silent. I dont remember feeling cold or hot, but just right. I was wearing an ordinary set of clothes--pants and a top. I remember loving the experience of flying. I felt peaceful, serene and happy. I was flying alone, although I have a sense that my husband, Hank, was there from time to time. I remember seeing faraway stars and planets but I didnt land on anything. I was in heaven, in more ways than one. At some point I became aware that I was struggling to do something--waking up. I didnt want to leave the universe, I was enjoying flying so much, but I was awakening to my present human reality in the hypnotists office. When I awoke, the other woman was already awake. The hypnotist asked me if I was okay. I said yes. She said I was having a hard time waking up. She thought I fell asleep but I told her I wasnt sleeping. The other woman talked about her experience and then I talked about my flying experience. The woman and hypnotist didnt say anything while I was describing my OBE. The session ended pretty much there. I remember feeling strange about being in this strange world on Earth. I wasnt sure I was okay enough to go out into the street and drive my car home, but I was. I can still feel myself flying in the dark universe, feeling peaceful and happy. I hope that, when Im on my deathbed, I am able to call upon this feeling when it is my time to pass on into Eternity.          ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
585,DEE,1484,12,,M,Explained in question 8    ,,American,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Weilder,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
586,DEE,1115,39,,M,"To repeat this experience was like being totally filled with love, when I heard god say to me that he has always been here waiting for me it was as if my whole being heard it not my ears but my whole being was enveloped in his presence/love    ",,citizen,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Bartend,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
587,ME ,1270,29,,F,"In 1974 I was 29 years of age. (I am now 67 years of age.) I was feeling pretty despondent at that time, having spent four years trying to make a living as a visual fine artist in Manhattan but not succeeding. Not knowing how else to support myself, I enlisted in the Army. But as the day of my enlistment grew near, I was becoming increasingly anxious and fearful. I was a free spirit and knew I would hate losing my freedom and someone else telling me what to do. But if I didnt go, I didnt know how else to take care of myself. I did not want to go back to secretarial work, not after I fell in love with art. I was stuck in a tight spot.  Three days before the big day, I was sitting on my hotel bed. I had given up my apartment in Little Italy and took a room for 3 months in a midtown Manhattan hotel. I was just staring out into my room, not knowing which way to turn. It was daytime. With the suddenness of a light switch just turned on, a brilliant white, round glow with a more brilliant Christian cross embedded in the middle of the glow appeared before my eyes. The vision was suspended in mid air. The glow and cross were about ten inches tall and sat about eight feet in front of me, a little lower than my eye level. The light that emanated from the glow was contained. There werent any rays coming from it. The whole cross fit totally within the glow. The cross was a plain, elegant cross with no detail. The ends of the narrow vertical and horizontal bars were cut straight across. (This vision was entirely visual. I didnt feel, smell or hear anything.) Although the glow and cross were as intensely bright as a flame, I stared easily into it. I wasnt afraid by its presence or doubted what was before my eyes. I never said to myself, What is this? or Why is a Christian cross coming to me? I\xe2\x80\x99m Jewish. Actually, my mind was blank, without any thoughts. But I was transfixed by this sight, spiritually locked into it. I was aware that the glow and cross were calming me down, making me feel peaceful and serene. I think I was staring at it for a short period of time, maybe 15 minutes.  I remember how the glow and cross came on but I dont remember how it went away. After staring at it, I think I put my head down on a pillow and went to sleep. But the strange thing is that when I awoke, not only wasnt the vision still there but I didnt even remember that I saw it. Actually, I didnt remember this event until 30 years later, when I was sitting in my car experiencing my epiphany, which I talked about in my February 23 submission to you. Looking back at that time, the glow and cross did not tell me if I should go into the Army or not. What this vision did was to calm me down, relax me and relieve me of a paralyzing anxiety which was keeping me from seeing clearly and making the right decision for myself. Relaxed and clear thinking, I made the easy decision to withdraw from my Army enlistment. I went to the Army base and explained how I felt. The female officer there agreed and gave me an honorable discharge.      ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Visual,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
588,ME ,1212,51,,F,"Two of my dear friends and I were in a trio during the practicum of our masters program. For this exercise, I was the client, my friend was the therapist,and another friend was a neutral observer. I was determined to get answers from Steve and absolutely refused to make anything up! In a Gestalt, you invite another person (who is not physically present) to sit in a chair across from you and talk to them. When youve said whatever you want to say, you trade chairs, sitting in the guests chair and wait to see what they say back to you (through you). I told Steve about all my regrets regarding him and my mothering of him. I poured out my heart and asked his forgiveness. When I moved into (his) chair, I just waited, determined to really hear from Steve or hear nothing at all. All of a sudden I felt this huge whoosh of energy coming from the upper right and landing on me. I could sense Steves effort to reduce his energy down to match mine. He said, in great excitement, (and this sounded exactly like Steve who loved mechanical things and physics and was a dare-devil) Mom! Youll never guess what Im getting to do up here! (It was said with such excitement. It was obvious he was in heaven! Finally he quieted and said, Mom, all the things I did to hurt you and all the things you did to hurt me are just stuff that happens on earth. Now were free to just love each other. A minute later he left.    ",,US citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
589,ADC,1257,37,,F,"I felt sure and confident that it really was Christian talking to me in my thoughts. I was also a little intimidated by his expectation of me. I had never felt a strong compulsion to do something someone asked me to do. I felt at peace when it was over, but I also felt the weight of what I was asked to do.    ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
590,DEE,1505,37,,M,"My wife was the one who was taking the pictures and one of them, maybe one of the last ones ( we were returning home because the night was approaching) suddenly shows this incredible light!! Really incredible! We se it right away through the camera screen. My wife right away called me to show it.    ",,Portugues,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,I breed,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
591,OBE,1217,30,,F,see above    ,,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Marriot,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
592,NDE,1197,17,,F,"I was standing by the deep end of the pool, when a boy from the football team tackled me and sent me to the bottom of the pool. As I sat on the bottom of the pool, the Virgin Mary appeared to my on my right hand side. She was bathed in a pure, light with soft cream and blue colors. She spoke to me with out words, she said.. relax, it is not your time to go yet. I felt peace, love, calmness..    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
593,ME ,1077,21,,M,I learned that saying prayers and intoning the sound om would switch on the sensation of non physical energetic radiation.    ,,Uk    Q.,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Buddhist,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Maths t,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
594,OBE,1480,51,,M,observed a radiating light with darkness surrounding it-Could not describe in words the ultra reality and love from the entity/soul-If I had to stay in that place forever Iwould not have minded it was all I could ever want in terms of the feeling of love etc. I felt it coming from that being it was so real it was as though the feeling was solid? more real than any feeling in the physical world.    ,,Australia,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",colle,Aquariu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
595,DEE,1358,19,,M,In my first reported STE I report that I asked God for help regarding what action I should take next relating to my stand against the war I Viet Nam. This STE brings the Voices reply full circle. Together we have concluded the military experience and launched into a life altering relationship that could be very helpful to me in bringing greater peace to our world. I felt this Voice thing had great possibilities and was well worth further exploration. I still feel that way.    ,,US citize,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
596,ADC,1519,70,,F,"After a period of time had passed and my husband continued to breath, I raised my head to look at my family sitting at the bed side. They were quiet and remorseful. But they were not alone. I blinked heavily, trying to clear my eyes but my vision was fine. What I saw was my husband, standing with our family. He wasn\xe2\x80\x99t in a hospital gown with tubes and monitors; he was himself, steady and strong, in street clothing of slacks and a flannel shirt. My family members were solid in the space that their bodies consumed, while my husband was more fluid and seemed to fill the rest of the space. He moved behind one family member to the next. He was composed and serious; the look on his face was one of acceptance that he must leave. Time stood still. And then he disappeared.    ",,Both born,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Human R,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
597,NDA,1446,52,,M,"When I left my body I yelled out that I was sorry if I had hurt anyone in anyway while I was visiting Earth...apparently I yelled it out with so much conviction and emotion that I startled everyone around me...and He happened to be standing right over there...and He came over to where I was to see what all the commotion was all about...I didnt know who He was but I jumped in front of Him and began running my mouth...saying that I had just gotten out of prison, had cancer and was getting a big government check every month and that Id never have to work again and that I wasnt ready to die...I wanted to go back and have some fun...I got them all laughing at me...I got Jesus laughing at me...it was then that He reached out and touched me and instantaneously healed me of my cancer and sent me back to my body....I was told that I would live for another 26 years...that no one in the medical community would be able to explain how it was that I was still living...    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,dail,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,convict,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
598,DEE,1557,45,,F,See question 8 answer.    ,,U.S.    Q,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Co-owne,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
599,ME ,1288,40,,F,"Same as above. Also, I saw it as a sign from the Beloved, a message of love and warmth and a reaching out to me in a time of loneliness and sadness. A sign to give me hope and to help me carry on in this journey of life.    ",,Citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Disable,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
600,DEE,1518,31,,F,"I was sleeping in my bed when I woke up in the middle of the night with a huge feeling of being filled with love in my heart for St. Michael the archangel. I felt like I was in love with him and it was strange because I never had felt that way before, but it was beautiful.    ",,Been a ci,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",Some,I worke,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
601,ME ,1485,20,,F,"To put as simply as possible (not easy to do) I became identified with love and with God. I was immersed in and surrounded by non-visual spiritual light. Yet I was outside duality of light and dark altogether. I was inside and outside myself at the same time. It was a healing experience that washed away all my past traumas. I forgave everyone and everything, including myself. And then I felt the purpose of my life, which included the healing of other people. And then I gradually came back to earth.    ",,Full nati,"100,00",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",some,Student,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
602,DEE,1305,55,,F,"One day when I was 55, my spiritual life shifted into a new direction. This is a funny and ironic story. I was shopping alone in my local Bed, Bath and Beyond store, buying stuff and yet another set of bed linens because I didnt have that particular shade of beige. I suddenly stopped walking and looked down at all the stuff in my cart and felt a longing. I thought to myself, Is this it? Is this all there is to life? That Peggy Lee song came into my head: Is That All There Is? I just stood there, in that store, staring at all my stuff in the cart, and feeling a strong yearning to find a deeper meaning to life. I wasnt thinking to find God yet. I just wanted to know a deeper meaning to life. I couldnt believe that life was just about cooking dinners, buying bed linens and sending people greeting cards. I didnt realize then that I wanted to find God. The funny and ironic part of this story is that God planted this second seed (the first seed had to do with Rose Kennedys face, which Ill submit soon) at the store called Bed, Bath and BEYOND. A girlfriend brought this irony to my attention, which I didnt get at the time of the STE. At the moment that my STE occurred, I told myself that I was going to find a deeper meaning in life. My mood changed. I was now joyful and hopeful that I would find Meaning in life. I was a little excited by my new project.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
603,ADC,1106,16,,F,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
604,ADC,1348,49,,F,"I was lying face down on the massage table when a soccer game began to unfold in front of me. I thought \xe2\x80\x9cthat\xe2\x80\x99s nice\xe2\x80\x9d. The game then came closer \xe2\x80\x9cinto my line of vision\xe2\x80\x9d (even though my eyes were closed). It was vivid, techno-color and I remember thinking it was so real. The kids that were playing were cute and happy, smiling, and intent on their game. One child seemed to really grab my attention, he was blond and handsome and so well formed, and I remember thinking \xe2\x80\x9cthat\xe2\x80\x99s what Nick would look like if he were alive\xe2\x80\x9d.  They were having so much fun with this game. The next thing I knew, the kid that looked like my son kicked the ball and I thought, that\xe2\x80\x99s a goal for sure; then the ball swerved and came towards me at Mach speed and slammed me in the face. The next instant, it was snatched back by Nick (by son) and he stood there radiantly smiling for a few seconds and he said \xe2\x80\x9cThat one was for you, mom \xe2\x80\x93 just to let you know, I\xe2\x80\x99m OK\xe2\x80\x9d. He waved good bye as he ran back onto the field and began playing with his friends.  I jumped so high on the massage table, that the masseur who was massaging my upper back and neck at the time, actually jumped back a few feet and said \xe2\x80\x9cWow, what just happened?\xe2\x80\x9d  The child I saw was my child, he would have been the age my son would have been if he were alive, about 7 or 8 years old. When I thought back on this, I thought it was a little mean to slam me in the face with a soccer ball, but then I chuckled because I knew that was what was needed to get through my layers of grief. I knew he was telling me that he was fine and that I should \xe2\x80\x9cget on with my own life\xe2\x80\x9d.     ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",some,Broker-,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
605,DEE,1542,65,,M,"My STE is a Divine Entity Encounter, at least I think that is the closest description of it. I have reported this in my book; Jesus Who. I suspect it was the Spirit of God, but it could have been an angle.  Personal Story; A love tap of Understanding For several years, I could not accept that all the people in a couple of Old Testament cities were killed by Joshua\xe2\x80\x99s army. Joshua 11:11-12 What about the infants and young children? Why should they die a terrible death for the sins of their parents? I was thrown a curve by this story. How could God do such a terrible thing? This was not merciful. This was a big problem for me and remained so for years. These young children could have been taken into homes of decent people and they would have no knowledge of their biological parents or their old lifestyles. Then one day I was praying about this and I got something like a gentle slap on the head, an interruption of my consciousness from outside myself, likely from the Spirit of God; I clearly heard. \xe2\x80\x9cThe souls of the innocents were taken a moment before they died.\xe2\x80\x9d So when the sword hit, the children were in a persistent vegetative state in that God had already taken their souls to safety. What a relief! I was elated. Then about five seconds later, I thought; Hey, wait a minute. Did God really tell me that, or did I just make it up to ease my own distress? Straight away I got a second interruption and I clearly heard that voice again; \xe2\x80\x9cIf you did make it up, how much wiser and more merciful is your Father in Heaven.\xe2\x80\x9d Wow! It was definitely not my voice or my words. The old fashioned style is not the way I use words or language! Plus the fact that it came as an interruption to my thoughts (hey, pay attention). I am convinced that it was Divinely given personal information to help me get over this stumbling block. Most wonderful of all, notice that the communication was loving, not angry. I had just assumed, that God would be angry with me for being dumb, weak and sinful, because I was often angry with myself for those reasons. The improbable lovingness and civility of this communication kept me in a state of astonishment for several years and still causes breathlessness when I recall it to mind. How could the all powerful God love such a dumb, weak and sinful little man? Is that an improbable enough God for you? It sure is for me and I do have faith in Him. He\xe2\x80\x99s got you, He\xe2\x80\x99s got you and He\xe2\x80\x99s got your back. Don\xe2\x80\x99t worry about anything because all this earthly stuff, everything here, is ridiculously trivial to Him. I thank God for showing Himself to me as a loving father and I do feel very blessed for it. God is love and I suspect that humans have been programmed by God to love our children so that we, in our human pettiness, would have at least some experience of what love is. \xe2\x80\x9cAnyone who loves God must also love their brother and sister\xe2\x80\x9d. 1 John 4:21 So we are supposed to love one another, that means love everyone always. So just know that you too may reasonably expect that the one and only God will communicate with you about your Christian concerns and that it will come out of the clear blue sky and be a loving personal answer. He is the same loving God for all of us, even those people we don\xe2\x80\x99t care for. As improbable as it is, God loves us all. You will come to be as fond of your new Christian memories as you are of your actual childhood memories, because there is a mighty and loving Father helping you through a difficult and confusing adolescents. If you missed out on that from your biological father, you will find your Heavenly Father especially wonderful and loving. Really. God never said that the Bible is all there is to know. It is implied that the Bible is the minimum you should know and there may be certain things that He will communicate to help you personally if you ask Him. Waiting for God to answer is fairly short term, it is not the classic; Waiting For Godoe. God is for real.     ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
606,ADC,1257,37,,F,"I felt sure and confident that it really was Christian talking to me in my thoughts. I was also a little intimidated by his expectation of me. I had never felt a strong compulsion to do something someone asked me to do. I felt at peace when it was over, but I also felt the weight of what I was asked to do.    ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
607,ME ,1543,44,,F,"As I stopped at the stop sign I suddenly was aware that I had a second set of eyelids, like some animals do. For the first time ( and so far the last) these eyelids opened. I could see, or it was somehow communicated to me, the reason for all the suffering in the world. I think I said out loud,Oh I see. I understand. It made sense to me. Then, these eyelids closed and I was there at the stop sign in the dark.    ",,U.S. citi,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Airline,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
608,ME ,1311,61,,F,"In September 2006, Hank showed me a story and picture in our local New York newspaper, The Journal News, of the current Pope Benedict making a personal, nonofficial, visit to see the Veil of Veronica in Italy. Yes, the cloth that Jesus used to wipe his face and miraculously imprint his face on during the walk to his death is actually framed and protected by the Capuchin Monastery in Manoppello, Italy today. The Popes visit took place on September 1, 2006, the 500th Anniversary of the cloth being in this monastery. I was immediately drawn to this story. After reading and researching it in Wikipedia, an official Catholic newspaper, etc., I had a Knowing that this picture was truly Jesuss face. I have His face all over my home, in my car, in my wallet and I give out this picture to whoever wants it. You can see Jesuss face for yourself. Ive uploaded a picture of who I believe is Jesus. You can also see his face and the story in a Google search of: Holy Face of Manoppello. Youll see a close-up, brass-colored picture of a mans face with bruises on it and his nose looks broken. His mouth is slightly open, revealing his teeth. Six years later, I still believe 100% that this is the face of Jesus.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
609,ADC,1408,49,,M,"I was drifting off to sleep, somewhat melancholy, because I had been thinking of my brother, who passed away in 1994. He was my younger brother. My wife was out of town, taking care of her terminally ill mother in her final days. It was a time of sadness and raw emotion. As I lay in bed, finally relaxing and beginning to drift towards sleep, I felt a presence fill the room. An overwhelming feeling of love filled me. It was love in a fullness like I had never experienced. At the same time, the room seemed to fill with a fragrance that was undeniably my father. It was the smell of his clean, fresh laundered shirts. It was the fragrance that I most associated with him. This feeling went on for a period of time, but I dont know how much time elapsed. It did not just come and go though, it persisted long enough for me to realize that I was experiencing something very special.    ",,U.S. Citi,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Systems,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
610,OBE,1410,22,,F,"It really happened very very quickly. One minute I was watching tv and then I believe I had fallen asleep. All of a sudden I felt myself come out of my body and in a flash, my spirit, or whatever you want to call it, was out of my body, across the room, in front of the television. I saw the television and then I was just there, right in front of it. It was still on but I cant recall what was showing at the time this happened, I just know it was on and I could see it. I remember feeling this amazing sense of freedom and that I could go anywhere I wanted, as quickly as I wanted. I looked at the hotel room door and thought to myself, I want to go out there, see how far I can go like this. It was a very very pleasant and unbelievably exciting feeling, but I was also scared.  In that instant while I was looking at the door thinking about going further, reveling in this sense of freedom, speed and excitement, I suddenly I heard a voice (it wasnt a voice like we speak in the literal world, it was a voice that I could identify as male, I think, but instead of speaking out loud, it was like a knowledge in my head. Its hard to convey this correctly) saying If you want this to stop, you have to wake up now. I heard it and was still looking at the door. The voice/knowledge again said Sally, if you want this to stop you have to wake up NOW! with heavy heavy emphasis on the word NOW.  This time I listened and the next thing I knew, I was back in my body, sitting up and sucking in a HUGE gulp of air as if I hadnt taken a breath in a very long time, the same way you would if you were holding your breath under water for as long as you could stand and then surfaced. I was so scared of what I had just experienced I ran to the min-refrigerator, grabbed one of the beers from the six pack i had bought earlier, along with my cigarettes, and went outside where I drank the entire beer and smoked probably 4 cigarettes in a row. I was TERRIFIED to go back to sleep. I truly felt like I was going crazy and imagining what had just happened to me. When I finally went back to my room I stayed up as long as I could because I was afraid to go back to sleep and that it would happen again. At the time, I didnt want it to happen ever again. I finally did go back to sleep and slept peacefully the remaining few hours I had left before my flight. It has never happened to me again. I will be 40 this September, so its been almost 18 years since this happened and it has never happened to me again.    ",,US    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,moder,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Active,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
611,DEE,1298,41,,F,"I woke up and told my husband I needed to go to my sons grave, he assured me everything was fine and that he would drive me down to the cemetary early in the morning. I lied awake all night waiting for morning to come, finally we got to the cemetary and I couldnt believe my eyes!  The cemetary workers had dug a grave next to my sons grave, but it was so close to his that you could almost see my sons coffin, it was as if the body that was being buried there was practically in the same grave. Seeing the depth of the grave and how close it was to my sons was unbelievable just like in my dream accept to the side of my sons grave. My sons flowers and things were thrown further up away from his grave, I was furious, that my son was being disturbed.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Self-Em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
612,ME ,1413,62,,F,"In March of 2011, I had a dream. A tall black shadow of a man pointed his long finger at me and said, \xe2\x80\x9cRead the 8th Psalm.\xe2\x80\x9d I questioned him, \xe2\x80\x9cYou mean the 6th Psalm? I know that one.\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cNo\xe2\x80\x9d, he declared emphatically, \xe2\x80\x9cRead the 8th Psalm, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget.\xe2\x80\x9d Then he handed me the head of a woman very delicate, small, eyes closed, black hair, soft skin. He told me to write her name on her cheek with a black felt tip pen. Her cheek was still warm as I carefully wrote the name he gave me, Rita Girofalo.\xe2\x80\x9d   What I learned is in #43    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Jewelry,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
613,ME ,1549,56,,F,See answers above.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unity,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",docto,Mother,,divor,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
614,DEE,1332,54,,F,"See number 43 above. In addition, shortly before this event, I had been reading Alexanders book Proof of Heaven and remarking to myself how I met my husband in 2008, the year that Alexander had his NDE, and that my husband died on the very same day that Alexander was sent home from the hospital, but several years later.    ",,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",docto,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
615,ME ,1419,39,,M,    ,,Just a ci,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,never,seldom,avera,littl,"100,000+",maste,Manager,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
616,ADC,1105,66,,F,"So, it was the end of the day with the sun sinking and I wanted to complete the painting which was not going well. I thought to take a break , see if on my return, the answer would be apparent. So I left the studio, walked across the deck and into my house. From the bedroom, I stepped into the long hall which leads to the kitchen and as I did so, I was shocked and awed to see my husband with outstretched arms, grinning from ear to ear and wearing cutoffs. He was striding toward me with great enthusiasm. I was just dumbstruck! He must have taken three steps toward me when I bent forward, covered my face with my hands and called out, Dana, Dana! When I looked up, he was gone.  I learned that we are eternal. That my husband was gifting me with comfort and consolation.    ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
617,ME ,1493,21,,F,"I did not see or hear anything. I experienced a sudden intense feeling that a door had opened, and that my grandfather was present. It lasted about a minute I turned to my friend and told her my zaidy is here, and I started to cry. I believe I also told her he came to say goodbye to me. I recall my hair on my skin was standing on end, but I was not cold. And then it ended abruptly, as if a door shut suddenly. I then told her he was gone.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,never,seldom,avera,very st,"100,000+",docto,I was a,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
618,NDE,1491,38,,M,"My best memory is first being in a very dark place as if I was flying down it was very scary and then I heard a very dark un recognizable voice that introduced himself as Lucifer. I was being told all the bad things about hell and I became very stressed and scared when all of a sudden a brigh light appeared along with the most angelic voice I had ever heard I cant explain how comforting the voice was and it spoke to me saying  dont worry you have an angel,at your side I never saw images of either lucifer or the angel just very distinct voices. I felt this unbelievable calmness after this beautiful voice spoke to me I felt in a very timeless place where physical beings were not present I just felt this unconditional love around me. When I awoke from my coma the first thing I said when I could speak was God is a woman I told this to my wife. I then asked her wht happened to me as I could not remember at first why I was in the hospital, the doctors told me I was dreaming and the drugs could cause thse kinds of things but never in my life had I used the word Lucifer or heard such an angelic voice. Ive kept quit about my experience except to my direct family until my wife bought me the proof off heaven book    ",,Current c,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,avera,avera,"100,000+",Did not,Self em,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
619,ME ,1195,60,,F,"It was an experience that lasted, perhaps 4 or 5 seconds, that parallels Dr. Alexanders description of his experience in his coma. I was in what I believe was the thin space between awakening and perhaps dreaming (or perhaps oxygen deprivation through Apnea or astral travel?) when I became conscious of the feeling of experiencing everything in the Universe all at once. (My best description of the event.) It was delightful and happy and amazing and as I became conscious, I tried to go back to sleep so that I could enjoy more of this. However, I knew without a doubt, that it was not a dream, that it was nothing I had ever experienced before, that it was unexplainable, and I was in the middle of it.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Busines,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
620,DEE,1442,66,,M,"This vision was not a day dream or a thought, it was a vision that took me to her room as i lay awake watching a baseball game. It came and it went on its own. As much as i tried i could not and can not repeat this vision. I have memory of it, but cannot re-create it. At the time of the vision we did not know she was close to death. Actually the doctors were telling us her cancer was in remission and felt hopeful that she would survive. The vision was in black and white and the two angelic figures in this vision were ghostly in appearance, or i should say, i could see through them. They had no wings and their clothing looked like long floor length gowns. Their hair was shoulder length. The gowns had a strap or belt at the waist. I could not tell if they were male of female and could not clearly see faces.    ",,U.S. Citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",Junio,Self Em,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
621,DEE,1375,12,,F,    ,,USA    Q.,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,I was a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
622,DEE,1183,4,,F,"It was night and I was in bed. I dont recall this part well, but somehow I became aware that my father was not at home. (I was somewhere between 3-5 years old) My father had gone to visit a neighbor two doors down (old Mr Safran) I was a timid child and for some reason I was utterly scared of this neighbor, even though there was no reason to be. He actually was a kindly old gentleman who even remembered the neighborhood children in his will but for whatever reason I was very frightened of him. When I awoke and realized it was (to me at least) late at night and my father was not yet home, I was terrified that Mr Safran had hurt him or killed him. (Again, no reason why I would think this) I was laying in my bed and I was terrified. I dont remember if I was crying, but if I was, it wasnt loud enough for my mother to hear. I was (and still am) the type of person that does not cry out for help. I dont know if I was praying for my father to be ok as I dont remember if I was old enough to have been taught about free-form prayers. Anyway, I felt a warm, comforting, loving presence that assured me everything would be OK. (And of course it was, as my father had never been in any danger whatsoever other than in my mind) It was like being wrapped up in a warm soft blanket of love and happiness. It was so long ago and I was so young that I dont remember anything beyond that but I have never forgotten it either. I did not see or hear anything, it was completely a feeling of love and reassurance.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,none ch,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
623,NDE,1556,19,,M,"I didnt observe, hear, or feel anything too much. The ringing sound definitely commonly reported. Not too much, probably only the first layer of heaven, no Eben Alexander.    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",atheist,atheist,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
624,DEE,1391,27,,F," Immediately after demanding that God prove himself, I became warm and felt as if I were being wrapped in a soft blanket. Then I heard (in my head but more clear than anything ever said) I love you. This was repeated a couple of times, until I stood up and said Ok. Thank you. Then I went in the house. After that I never felt any desire to end my life, or that I was worthless.    ",,US citize,"50,000",agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
625,ADC,1435,59,,F,"I did not see anything, but had a very strong scent of floral (not sure what type); I had the sense that it was my mothers spirit telling me she was OK after I tried to find the source of the scent. I felt peaceful at this time, but also thought I would like to believe that she was contacting me. I share this with my husband and daughter the next morning (the scent was gone when I woke up in the morning)    ",,citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,researc,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
626,SDE,1063,42,,F,"After my siblings left the room, I turned around to see my Mom sitting a bit slumped on the bed. She lifted her head and looked at me through the eyes of her mother, Clara, with whom I had spent many years of my life living with and loving.  I was so certain of this and did not question it in my mind but it shocked me to the core so that I could only stand still and stare at her in wonderment.  The moment soon passed and I continued to feel wonderment and immense relief that my grandmother had come to be with my mom during her last days on earth and lead her to heaven.  My only regret that still brings me distress is that I was immobile the instant I experienced this transformation and I did not rush over to give her a hug, or speak my love and welcome, but instead could only stand frozen in shock. It took me several hours to process what I had witnessed.    ",,Citizen U,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"100,000+",High,Custome,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
627,ME ,1112,58,,F,"As my partner progressed through the passes over my chakras, I began to experience a floating sensation and a feeling of being drawn out of my body through the top of my head. I was not afraid, and thought to myself, I dont think Im dying, but perhaps this is what the Catholic church means by the grace of a happy death. As this sensation of leaving my body progressed, I had a deep sense of safety, of being loved, both intimately and objectively. I felt that I was loved because I both part of creation and creation itself-unique, yet indivisible. Writing about it now, in this moment, brings tears to my eyes.    ",,American,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Occupat,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
628,ADC,1012,72,,F,see above    ,,citizen o,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High sc,Legal S,,married,widowed,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
629,OBE,1531,30,,F,"I must first start out by explaining that I have had OBEs my entire life, beginning when I was about 9 or 10 years old. It was at this age that I began watching tv programs about people being visited by their guardian angels, or other such spirits, who had saved their lives, or sent these people messages of some monumental significance.  I was very much affected by these programs and began praying to god, or to whoever was listening to me, for some sign of the \xe2\x80\x98other side,\xe2\x80\x99 because I knew deep inside that there was more to life and I wanted to experience it firsthand as these other people did. I prayed every day obsessively and even created my own Ouija board out of paper and a ring, thinking I could make some sort of connection. The ring did eventually move, to my astonishment, but it was just my own energy that I was becoming aware of. So I began to feel my own energy throughout my body, as I do to this day, although for some time I believed it was a spirit taking over my body because it felt so foreign at the time, and as a young child I just didn\xe2\x80\x99t know any better.  Shortly after being aware of my own energy I began to feel my energy leave my body at night when I was falling asleep.  It was incredibly startling and disturbing, as it would jolt me awake, just as I was beginning to fall asleep. As I would awaken my energy would immediately slam back into my body. As a child I thought this was the devil taking my soul away, and I used to cry and pray to god at night. This happened all the time, and it was very frightening, and there was no one I could tell because I knew I would sound crazy. One night when I was crying and praying, I suddenly felt \xe2\x80\x93and had the image of- someone kissing my cheek. I felt the energy touch my face and sink into my skin- and then I felt an immense, overwhelming wave of intense love encompass my entire body, and I knew in my soul that I was loved and taken care of, that I was perfectly safe. I was in complete shock, and my tears turned to tears of joy- someone had responded to my prayers! I knew I was going to be ok! Somehow whatever was happening to me at night was not as horrible as I thought it was\xe2\x80\xa6and so I let it happen, knowing I was protected. I was so stunned by what happened-I had truly made a connection, the connection I had been yearning for. I knew there was more to this life, I knew there was nothing to fear, that someone or something was looking out for me. My fear of evil dissipated. I got used to feeling my energy leave my body at night, and it became a familiar sensation. Years later I would meet a friend in high school who would explain me that what I was experiencing was astral projection, and I would read books on the subject, as well as on many other metaphysical topics. As a teenager I would meditate and consciously expand my awareness, teaching myself to experience that profound love again and again, I would see auras, and have many other eye-opening spiritual experiences.  Throughout the years I have experienced OBEs in my dreams quite often, where I am flying around outside, in my house, out in space, all over the place. It is a fabulous feeling. I have not been able to consciously leave my body, though-only in dreams. As an adult I am very spiritual but I do not believe in any one religion or doctrine, nor in any god, heaven or hell, or in evil. I believe in my experiences, and in a profound and universal love that we are all a part of, not separate from, because of what I have felt and witnessed in my lifetime over and over again. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when I was 20 yrs old, and I was on lithium for 10 years when we come to the present time when this story unfolds, in July of 2013. There are many other events surrounding my experience I am to speak of, which are important to mention. At the time I most likely had lithium toxicity, as I was physically sick and severely confused, and my body was in convulsions for what seemed like weeks. I couldn\xe2\x80\x99t eat very well on my own due to the spasms and it took me an immense amount of time to get dressed and perform normal tasks due to the uncontrollable spasms caused by lithium toxicity. I never knew what day it was it was or what had even happened the day before. I was in bad shape. At the same time I was also malnourished for reasons I can only speculate onmy boyfriend had recently broken up with me so I had fallen into a deep depression, I was hardly eating, forgetting to take my meds, and hardly sleeping. I most likely was suffering from a mental breakdown. I was 89 pounds, which was also caused by the fact that I was on adderall- I had already been underweight, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t know how in the world I had lost 10 pounds so quickly. My brain was so fuzzy during that time period, s",,U.S. Citi,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",Some,Medical,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
630,ME ,1366,34,,F,"I was sitting under a tree and began to think the tree was conscious. Shortly thereafter I felt I was being contacted by my deceased father who said he was worried about the fact that my mother still smoked. (He died of lung cancer in 1981). After a day another entity took my fathers place. He said his name was Thieliel and that he was a Greek scribe who had been captured by the Assyrians and forced into service. I got a flash of him falling to his death from a tower and some pages of strange script. He said that as a suicide he had chosen to spend some time in the afterlife as a guide to prevent the suicide of someone else.  After this encounter, for several days the world seemed to get darker and more threatening, like, physically. My husband wanted to put me in a mental hospital and I feared Id never see my children again. At the worst of it I said a common Catholic prayer--at that point, I was hearing terrible suffering and was aware of this inky blackness. As soon as I said the prayer, whoosh! right out the top of my head into the Light. The Light was 1) timeless, 2) all knowing, 3) perfect love. I was part of it, yet myself also. I saw in this state that time as we know it is an illusion and that love and knowledge cannot be separated. I also had access to any knowledge, even things that today I would struggle to understand.    ",,I am a US,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
631,DEE,1353,19,,M,The voice belongs to the Holy Spirit of God. The 3 communications from the voice are parts of the one event of answering my question regarding my next move in promoting greater peace in our world.    ,,U.S.    Q,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,medical,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
632,DEE,1136,47,,M,just did that    ,,AUSTRALIA,"25,000",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Prefer no,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",maste,builder,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
633,ME ,1241,40,,M,"I dont remember precisely when it occured...whether it was a few hours later, or that night...but I felt an explosion of energy within my consciousness. The spaces between my thoughts, the stillness from which all thought arises, became alive as a vibrating, pulsating energy. I use the analogy of imagining that there was some kind of cosmic generator attached to me with a cord to the back of my head. This generator was directly attached to the very stuff of consciousness; to the energy which is present in the stillness which lies behind thoughts and emotions. And this generator was gradually turning up the juice; as much as I could handle. This energy was not experienced as a physical sensation (although there were some physical correlates to it). It was directly tied to my consciousness. At first it felt as though the energy w    ",,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",maste,Social,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
634,ADC,1536,43,,F,See Above    ,,dutch,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Remedia,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
635,ADC,1296,60,,F,"I listened to Bruce Moens Afterlife Retrieval CD. I opened myself to help any spirit who may need me. As I listened to the CD, It took me to a tree house, then a door. I went through the door into blackness. Then I saw Donna. I said, Oh Donna, youre here. She presented herself to me as I remembered her (with her glasses on) and was grinning. Then I saw Her Jesus. She turned away from me and ran into his arms and through herself up, warping her legs around his waist like a little child would. He hugged her warmly. Then she turned her head toward me, grinning, then gave me a thumbs up. End of vision.    ",,Citizen U,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Junio,Medical,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
636,ME ,1073,46,,M,As described above    ,,US Citize,1 mill,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",Did not,Both be,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
637,ADC,1012,72,,F,see above    ,,citizen o,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Legal S,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
638,DEE,1505,37,,M,"My wife was the one who was taking the pictures and one of them, maybe one of the last ones ( we were returning home because the night was approaching) suddenly shows this incredible light!! Really incredible! We se it right away through the camera screen. My wife right away called me to show it.    ",,Portugues,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,I breed,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
639,OBE,1229,44,,M,"Almost immediately after taking the divine plant I began to fall out of my body. It was a wholly new sensation for me. After years of pursuing the actual out of body occurrence it was nothing as I had imagined it to be. There is noting that can compare one for the actual sensation. During numerous mediations I had always imagined myself rising above my body to look down and view myself. But this is not what actually happened. I actually fell into myself. I literally fell out of myself and by falling inside myself. And then instantly found myself floating above my body laying on the bed. The experience of being pulled out of the body was not an unpleasant sensation rather it was the first time to feel it and all firsts are usually associated with some fear. In this case it happened so fast and the train I was on had no exit routes, so I was on it for the duration. Once I was above my body the experience was quite pleasant. I was amazed at how I looked. I also notice the family cat was aware of my presence which I found quite interesting as it gazed upon my astral body. Just as I was becoming acquainted with my new surroundings I was yanked yet again in another direction at an astounding rate through a tunnel towards a light. Upon reaching the end of the tunnel I seemed to be deposited on the other side of a threshold. This place was completely and utterly spectacular. I was suddenly connected to everything was the feeling I remember most. I only needed to think of something and the associated response was with me. The communication was so much different here. I wasnt thinking in words but pictures associated with strong feelings and emotions. And I was like a newborn. I had very little experience in this new environment. It was very much a fish out of water experience. The thing that left the most lasting impression on me was this. I was able to look back on where I had just come from. The physical world. It was close. I could perceive it clearly as if it were a separate dimension but very close. I began to focus on the edges of it as it didnt seem to be wholly formed yet. The colors were so vibrant and alive.  So organic. The edges looked like caviar. And It came into me that I was perceiving the physical on a molecular level. I was so amazed. Then suddenly it came through me like a lightening bolt. These molecules perceived me. They were aware I was looking at them. Communication!! Images and information passed at an alarming rate. I was aware of the rythme and reason for everything coming into being. It filled me with a sense of joy I had never felt before. I laughed. I knew what life really was. These small bits of life....molecules...all formed based on collective thoughts. We all were creating everyday. We just didnt realize how powerful our thoughts we were. Then I was aware of a presence behind me. It was so brite and so large. My first thoughts were not of intrigue but of how small and dim I was. And just this tiny bit of hesitation flooded me with thoughts of....had I killed myself. Suddenly I was flooded with thoughts of fear. I wanted to know if I was alive. I yearned to feel my body again. So I prayed to feel my body again. And I was propelled in that direction. It was not an easy maneuver. It took some time to anchor myself in my body but it was accomplished. I had set up a timer on the side of the night stand. Total duration was 15 minutes. It had felt like an eternity. There was actually no sensation of time where I had gone. It did not exist.     ",,US citize,"251,00",spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Junio,Produce,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
640,ADC,1104,66,,F,"So, it was the end of the day with the sun sinking and I wanted to complete the painting which was not going well. I thought to take a break , see if on my return, the answer would be apparent. So I left the studio, walked across the deck and into my house. From the bedroom, I stepped into the long hall which leads to the kitchen and as I did so, I was shocked and awed to see my husband with outstretched arms, grinning from ear to ear and wearing cutoffs. He was striding toward me with great enthusiasm. I was just dumbstruck! He must have taken three steps toward me when I bent forward, covered my face with my hands and called out, Dana, Dana! When I looked up, he was gone.  I learned that we are eternal. That my husband was gifting me with comfort and consolation.    ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
641,ADC,1173,34,,F,"Sunday morning at a local antique car show with my family I was overcome by a message in my head from a grandmotherly voice. You can eat less, you will still be fed. You dont have to fear not being fed, it is a different time now. I knew pretty quickly that the message was for the intuitive. However, I did not want to pass on the message. As a psychiatrist I was keenly aware that such a message could be exceedingly destructive to a person with a history of an eating disorder. I resisted the STE...this only made the message louder and more difficult to ignore. It repeated not only in my head but in my body, insistent. I felt myself becoming rapidly ill. My body ached as though I had the flu. Within 30 minutes I had to leave my family at the antique care show and go home. At home I tried vainly to ignore the pounding message and sleep to no avail. Finally in desperation I said aloud okay, already, Ill tell her. I sent the intuitive an email explaining the situation and while I had extreme doubts about the social moire and the professional impropriety of my action, as soon as I sent the email I was flooded with relief. The flu-like symptoms and the message vanished. I crawled to bed and slept deeply for several hours until my family returned (as I have never done before.) It was several days before the intuitive finally contacted me and told me that she had prayed to her grandmother the friday before I met her asking desperately for help with her weight gain. The intuitive was perplexed that she normally receives insights for her clients, yet here was a straight-laced ivy league educated physician being contacted by her grandmother with literally the answer to her prayers. When I saw the same intuitive two years later for a brief ten minutes, she revealed that the message had quite literally changed her life. Specifically she had been able to return to her typical body weight easily and without dieting and maintained it for the intervening time. Secondly she had secured a new job and a book deal where my message to her was the climax of her autobiographical book!    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",post,Physici,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
642,ADC,1296,60,,F,"I listened to Bruce Moens Afterlife Retrieval CD. I opened myself to help any spirit who may need me. As I listened to the CD, It took me to a tree house, then a door. I went through the door into blackness. Then I saw Donna. I said, Oh Donna, youre here. She presented herself to me as I remembered her (with her glasses on) and was grinning. Then I saw Her Jesus. She turned away from me and ran into his arms and through herself up, warping her legs around his waist like a little child would. He hugged her warmly. Then she turned her head toward me, grinning, then gave me a thumbs up. End of vision.    ",,Citizen U,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Junio,Medical,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
643,OBE,1040,22,,F,"See above. Disillusioned, afraid, saw two young men, heard nothing. Thought... do I know you?    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
644,DEE,1058,46,,M,Read my book.    ,,US citize,1 2000,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Aerospa,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
645,OBE,1258,20,,M,"I was transported to my friends room at his home in West Lafayette, Ind. I was on the ceiling observing him on a cot below. It was evening. I observed that he was in unusual distress and emotional pain. I immediately found myself praying and interceding for him in an unknown tongue that I did not know. When I awoke back in Tulsa in my dorm room at ORU , I felt the heavy peaceful presence of God upon me and I remembered everything about the encounter.    ",,Citizen o,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
646,NDE,1411,18,,F,"I remember very vividly everything, unlike most memories, this one has never faded. I found myself above my mom and the dog going up the stairs, though I didnt realize it until later, I thought Id just been following them. As she got to the phone, she yelled at the dog, because he was acting up, and made the call.  When she gave the wrong address to the dispatcher (who knew me well since I worked there), and then gave the right address, I could hear what the dispatcher was saying (Sherry? the one who works here? (mom: yes, we need you right away, shes not breathing and we dont know whats wrong Dispatcher: well be there right away, Im sending them out now.) My mom hung up the phone without saying goodbye. Shortly after that I was back in my body, my Dad had lifted me by the shoulders and it dislodged my tongue from my throat and allowed air in. When my mom came into the room I asked her why shed given them our address and the wrong address at that, and why shed yelled at the dog, he wasnt doing anything wrong. She looked at me shocked, and said shed not given the wrong address, and I said she did, then she remembered she had. While in the floating state, everything was just so vibrant, alive..even the air felt alive to me, like it was swirling around me, in an almost comforting way. But the colors, the sounds....they were...just incredible, I cant even come up with words that describe it, there are none.  I didnt hear music or anything, but it was more of a .... well, a sound like.......you know what a creek sounds like when the water moves smoothly over rocks, the soft rushing sound? It was similar to that. (yes another thing I have no description of, only the memory of the sound.) It was extremely soothing, peaceful, and the lights even seemed so much brighter, everything did.     ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Fire De,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
647,SDE,1063,42,,F,"After my siblings left the room, I turned around to see my Mom sitting a bit slumped on the bed. She lifted her head and looked at me through the eyes of her mother, Clara, with whom I had spent many years of my life living with and loving.  I was so certain of this and did not question it in my mind but it shocked me to the core so that I could only stand still and stare at her in wonderment.  The moment soon passed and I continued to feel wonderment and immense relief that my grandmother had come to be with my mom during her last days on earth and lead her to heaven.  My only regret that still brings me distress is that I was immobile the instant I experienced this transformation and I did not rush over to give her a hug, or speak my love and welcome, but instead could only stand frozen in shock. It took me several hours to process what I had witnessed.    ",,Citizen U,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"100,000+",High,Custome,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
648,ME ,1099,60,,F,We observed Stan in the rocking chair next to his bed with his finger on his forehead as he always did. We didnt hear anything but noted that later on he was in the bed covered up. I didnt really feel anything other than it was a normal Sunday morning.    ,,US Citize,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",docto,Educati,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
649,ADC,1316,27,,F,"I felt a presence in the room and looked to my left, my grandfather was standing in is grey work uniform, he was completely solid in appearance and looked like he always had. He smiled at me and then shifted his gaze to my boys on the floor, smiled and was gone.    ",,United St,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Medical,,marri,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
650,SDE,1403,38,,F,"The spinning light was like a DNA strand, the texture was soft and smooth like milk, it was slowly spinning in space, everytime i closed my eyes I saw this the day before they unplugged her life support.    ",,usa citiz,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Buddhist,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,massage,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
651,ME ,1240,40,,M,"Please see previous answers. I learned that God is real, more so than this world. He loves us. Our existence is actually spiritual. He knows what we are thinking. If people realized how loving He is, no one would be afraid of dying. Also, it is extremely important, while we are here in this world, to release our brothers and sisters from our judgement (to forgive them) and to replace our judgement with unqualified love.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Life In,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
652,ME ,1030,49,,F,"I pulled onto the Interstate and slid into the left lane. The car in front of me was a red convertible and as I pulled closer I realized that I knew by the vanity plates who the person was driving the car. The plates were and I knew that was the owner of the Hotel who we knew socially. Then a voice spoke to me and gave me instructions and reasons why all at the same time and in just a few seconds I had been told what I had to do to be safe. The voice explained that the car was about to go out of control and speed into the center median. Then the person driving it would over-correct and speed across the interstate in front of me just in time for me to T-bone the car and kill both of us. The voice told me to simply take my foot off the gas and coast...that would slow my car enough to avoid hitting the car and the semis behind me would not hit me. Just exactly as the instructions were completed I took my foot off the gas and the entire scene played out before me. The car started running off to the left into the median kicking grass up and speeding toward the steel barrier...at 1st I thought it would be sliced in 2 right down the middle, but then the driver began to swerve back into my lane. He cut across 2 lanes...and because I had already slowed down ...he missed me by inches...clipped the car behind me and to my right and slammed into the guard-rail on the other side of the interstate.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Sales,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
653,ADC,1363,25,,F,"I sat on the edge of the bed as Shawn tried to comfort me, my crying seemed to intensify with the downpour of the rain. I looked up at the ceiling in our bedroom asking God for a sign. I asked him as a Catholic, saying out loud: I have faith and I know they say he is in a better place, but I need MORE! I need PROOF that he is OKAY! And just as I shouted this at God a sudden loud bang and flash of white light filled the bedroom. Shawn and I physically jumped out of bed because the crash was so loud we thought the window was going to crash in on us. We looked at each other, puzzled. Was that for us? Because the timing was just as if God was answering my prayer. Just as that happened we began to calm down and the rain also subsided. I told Shawn that it felt like an answer from God and it was so strange. The next morning Shawn went out to our car that was parked on the street. He heard muffled music playing that grew louder as he got nearer. When he opened the car door the radio was blasting music very loud on my brothers favourite radio station. When Shawn tried to shut the radio off, it would not turn off, he had to pull the system out of its dock to make it turn off. The radio remained like that for years. The wires were fried because that night our building and our car was hit by lightening, the very lightening that crashed outside our window at the very moment I asked God for a sign / for proof that John was okay. That isnt the end of it. From then on it was like the floodgates had opened. I got all kinds of signs from John, all kinds of instances of after-death communication, including a full apparition, physical phenomenon, electronic phenomenon and I would like to share that all here. I could write my own book about all the signs John gave me and my family after his death. He loved us so much his love transcended death and the tragedy of his loss made it that much more important that he get through to us and let us know he was okay. And God made it possible for him to do that.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Teacher,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
654,ME ,1231,2,,F,"First, you must understand that my memory is remarkable. Although not purely photographic, the depth and breadth of my abilities are pretty striking. I remember almost everything going back to this experience. Thats what makes it stick out so much to me. My human consciousness takes me back to this day and there is literally nothing in my memories before it. There is not trauma, no injury, no conceivable explanation for that absence. With that, the STE starts with me floating in the universe. Im very calm and have absolutely no concerns or preconceived notions about where Im going. All there is was the sudden realization that I exist. As I float, I can see earth getting closer. I start to fall through the atmosphere, the clouds, etc. but the experience is not frightening at all. I see things start to form on the ground, like roadways and towns. I see what would be my small town, circle terrace, the top of a bunch of houses, etc. as I continue my downward movement. Just as I get ready to hit the roof of our house, my eyes open in my bedroom. Thus begins my consciousness, my memories, and my life on this planet.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
655,ADC,1130,40,,F,"I had been painting the wall of our upstairs hallway for what must have been hours. It was late at night, and my husband and two young sons were sound asleep. I was painting with a paint roller---back and forth, back and forth...... All of the sudden, two orbs appeared on my righthand side. They were balls of light about the size of a softball (perhaps a bit larger). They were together, and I knew that these orbs of light were my grandmother and grandfather. I just knew this. It was a known fact even though they didnt speak to me. The orbs then started to move/zoom around my body and then through my body. I remember feeling pure love and joy. It was the most incredible, wonderful feeling. Everything happened very quickly---no longer than a minute. It was truly amazing.    ",,U.S. Citi,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,weekly,week,moder,littl,"100,000+",maste,ESL tea,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
656,ME ,1387,36,,F,"I was always pulled out of my drunken stupor of the emotional type when I saw the TV screen doing that. It shocked me, I didnt understand what was wrong with the TV. I was never on drugs or alcohol I dont experiment with that stuff. The TV would only go back to regular viewing status if we turned it off and back on again. G did not care one iota about what happened with that TV. But I have always wondered what it was because I have never heard anyone ever talk about it happening to them. Yet it happened to me under these very specific conditions around 6 or 7, maybe 8 times.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Mail/Co,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
657,DEE,1391,27,,F," Immediately after demanding that God prove himself, I became warm and felt as if I were being wrapped in a soft blanket. Then I heard (in my head but more clear than anything ever said) I love you. This was repeated a couple of times, until I stood up and said Ok. Thank you. Then I went in the house. After that I never felt any desire to end my life, or that I was worthless.    ",,US citize,"50,000",agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
658,ME ,1419,39,,M,    ,,Just a ci,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,never,seldom,avera,littl,"100,000+",maste,Manager,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
659,ADC,1244,22,,F,At the time it happened I did not attribute a lot to it as I was young and not particularly interested in religion or spirituality. Now I think it was a beautiful gift from a dad who loved me in the best way he knew how.    ,,US Citize,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,moder,very st,"0 24,999",some,Secreta,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
660,ADC,1394,49,,F,"Terry Dean                         1946-2012 Terry was a well-known and dedicated musician in the Overberg and Hermanus. Terry\xe2\x80\x99s battle with cancer started in 2007-where it was diagnosed in the colon. He was successfully operated on in September that year and recovered, remaining healthy until March 2009, when a tumour was removed from his small intestine. He received chemotherapy at Tygerberg Hospital afterwards and seemed well. He continued to play his gigs-he said the music took his mind away from the pain. His last gig was just after New Year 2012 at the Shuntin\xe2\x80\x99 Shed in Bot River-but he was very weak by then.  The last six months of his life, he was cared for at home-with the help of Hospice. Terry slipped into a coma on Thursday 28th June-I spoke to him and told him it was alright to move on, that his daughters T&#232;gan and Tullia, and I, would be fine. I also asked him to send me a sign when he crossed over. He passed away in the early hours of Friday morning. He was smiling. I knew he had left us, and in the early winter morning, I looked out of the window up at the grey sky-completely overcast except for a very defined sliver of blue sky- in the perfect shape of an electric guitar. I was so grateful for that sign. Terry had asked a good friend of his to sell his beloved Fender Telecaster (which he bought in America) to help support his family-as he had been unable to work for months. I was told that the lady who bought it was called Tracy; and she had bought it for her partner, John, whom we had never met, as they live near Johannesburg. The morning of Terry\xe2\x80\x99s passing; I received a call from Tracy, enquiring how Terry was. I told her that he had passed away in the early hours of that morning. She gave me condolences and put John on the phone. This is what he told me: On the night in question, at about 11:45 p.m. my very faithful dog, Sasha, nudged me with her nose and would not stop...until I got out of bed. I was at my farm, not far from Hartebeespoort Dam at the time. Only to find Sasha sitting next to the Fender case... I made a cup of coffee, called my dog to the kitchen and she would not budge. I know that it sounds weird, but, I had to play the telecaster... my dog left the room as soon as I plugged the guitar into the amp... played a few bars of John Lee Hooker and went to bed. As you know I phoned you the next morning to offer my condolences... how I knew that?... your Terry was with me, of that I am sure... I feel that he has been back, too often I find myself compelled to play the tele. Bear in mind, I have seven other guitars, all very good... but the tele keeps calling...??? The guitar is well and safe... I play the smoke out of it and love the mood it leaves me with... I am sure you understand what I mean by that. In any case, I have no opinion on the life here after, but, Terry Dean was with me and wanted to hear me play, to see if I was up to scratch, I think?  When John woke up the following morning he said to Tracy, \xe2\x80\x9cTerry\xe2\x80\x99s gone.\xe2\x80\x9d    ",,South Afr,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,avera,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Self-em,,marri,widow,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
661,ADC,1449,44,,F,"Re-telling that, is as real to me now as when it happened. I dont remember intact dreams like some people can. Never have been able to.    ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
662,DEE,1399,51,,M,"I could hear people speaking who were around me, was well aware of my surroundings--I did not expect this visitation to happen. I had said a little prayer (just in case) asking for forgiveness for those I had directly or indirectly hurt, and waited to die--so I thought. I wondered what it would feel like; i.e., would the lights just go out, would it be painful, or what. I could not tell the sex of my visitor, it appeared to clothed in a lovely robe-like material, was very human in appearance, had a lovely smile, appeared gentle and loving and I could see through it. What surprised me most is that it spoke to me without words. The thoughts just jumped into my mind. It knew what I wanted to know just as I had the thought develop in my mind, and I remarked, \xe2\x80\x9cHow did you do that?\xe2\x80\x9d Looking back on the experience, that thought makes me smile every time I think about it--it really happened that way. The message was that of love, that it did not matter whether I lived or died--I would be cared for. Finally, the overriding message was, LOVE WAS ALL THAT MATTERED and I did not need to worry. The visitor stayed with me for some time (several minutes) and when I turned to look away, out the cabin window, I could see the lights of a city below. When I turned back, my visitor was gone. In a way, this proved how real the visitation was. It was NO dream. After the plane landed, I was met by an ambulance and taken to Daniel Freeman Hospital. Thinking that I had a Mexican GI upset I was taken to a ward treating GI problems, a nurse noticed that my blood pressure dropped to nearly zero, I was then rushed to a CC unit and placed under the care of a cardiologist, Dr. Ciralo (sp?). There I was diagnosed with severe cardiac dilatation and heart failure, it wasnt until later that a pheochromocytoma was discovered. I was severely hypertensive and apparently this was the cause of my heart failure. When my hypertensive condition was brought under control, my heart returned to normal. This was all documented by ultrasonography and angiography. The pheochromocytoma was removed from my abdomen 1 month later at Cottage Hospital in Santa Barbara. I think back on the experience and still worry about the unknown, but listening to the audio tape of your book has helped restore my faith in the reality of my experience. Thank you!! My experience is with me nearly every day. My visitor never returned, but I do think we\xe2\x80\x99ll meet again someday.    ",,US citize,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"100,000+",post,Practic,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
663,NDA,1178,16,,F,"I saw the stars in the universe flash past me as I was speeding away leaving the earth, to hear a voice telling me It was not my time, I have important things to do. I still wonder if I need to do more to complete the important things somehow.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,avera,"25,000 49",some,High sc,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
664,NDE,1447,15,,F,"When I was 15 years old, I woke up during the night unable to move my jaw bone. My teeth were clenched and my jaw felt locked. I tried to open my mouth but couldnt. Ive always been calm in a crises so I took a few deep breaths to try and relax, hoping that would release my jaw but it didnt work. I remember saying to myself Ill just go back to sleep and itll be all right in the morning. I fell asleep and saw I was in a tunnel which was lit up. I saw ghostly figures at the end of the tunnel beckoning me forward. Just as I got to the end of the tunnel, it began to recede and I was being drawn back to my bed. This upset me and I fought to get to the light but I couldnt. As I left, one of the ghostly figures told me that if I left I couldnt come back, that this was my only chance to go there. When I woke up, the whole experience felt like a dream, including not being able to move my jaw. I soon forgot about it. Years later when I was in my late thirties, I experienced double vision and went for an MRI. The consultant said I was fine, no problems, but that Id had a mini stroke when I was a teenager. It was then I remembered my experience. I told the consultant what had happened to me at the age of 15, (leaving out the spiritual bit) and he said that it definitely sounded like a mini stroke. Was this a near death experience and was it my only chance? Im quite worried! I would appreciate any insights. Thank you.    ",,Irish cit,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,week,moder,avera,"25,000 49",Junio,n/a. I,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,youth
665,ADC,1384,62,,F,"It was actually a communication with my dad who had passed a month earlier. He had alzheimers and was living a nightmare existence...feeling like he was in a house with strangers, and my mom, who was depressed and angry had no patience with him. I prayed that God would take him, and within a week he was dead. This was an ernest, heartfelt prayer.  I saw him in a dream, even though it seemed more real than a dream. I was suddenly in this beautiful place, like a picnic area. My dad was sitting with his back to me...looking like he did just before he died. I even noticed the curve in his spine that was so prominent due to age scoleosis. Suddenly, he got up, turned and he was around 30..incredibly young and handsome. I was taken back at his beautiful clear blue eyes, and his perfect skin.  He asked me how things were before he left. I told him it was awful, and that he had alzheimers and things be so very difficult for him and mom. Suddenly, he bent over and fluffed the hair on the top of my head, like he did when I was a little girl, and said Dont worry, Hon, things will be alright. I will never forget this dream...    ",,Citizen,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Library,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
666,ME ,1166,28,,F,"I started to giggle at the ridiculousness of feeling alone. I was part of something so much larger. Not a major part, but like one of the atoms that make up everything. It made my smile to feel so much a part of everything.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,I had b,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
667,ME ,1458,34,,F,"While hiking, I suddenly had the sensation to perceive the colors more vividly. I then saw a bright light (an even some kind of pinky light and green lines\xe2\x80\xa6) and felt like melting into the nature. I was like literally inundated, showered by love. I am some kind of an orphan and feels lonely sometimes. It was like receiving the purest love, comfort ever. I didnt hear words per se but I felt like receiving s very strong and powerful message that I was able to translate immediately: you are loved, then you should never worry and then you never need to justify yourself to anyone. It was extremely strong, determined and healing for me. While having the sensation to melt into nature, I felt that the hikers I was encountering were like an extension of my own body. I felt love and compassion for them and I felt they felt my love for them. I wanted to embrace everything and everyone. I kept looking at my hands as if I had a sudden comprehension: there are no limits in matter, we are all One. After the hike, I called my best friend in NY telling her that life was marvelous, that we should love everyone etc\xe2\x80\xa6 that I suddenly understood songs like Imagine, One or the Man in the Mirror. I felt so grateful for life, quit smoking immediately and didnt fear death anymore.    ",,France,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,writer/,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
668,ME ,1243,34,,F,see attached document    ,,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,freelan,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
669,ME ,1419,39,,M,    ,,Just a ci,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,never,seldom,avera,littl,"100,000+",maste,Manager,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
670,ME ,1458,34,,F,"While hiking, I suddenly had the sensation to perceive the colors more vividly. I then saw a bright light (an even some kind of pinky light and green lines\xe2\x80\xa6) and felt like melting into the nature. I was like literally inundated, showered by love. I am some kind of an orphan and feels lonely sometimes. It was like receiving the purest love, comfort ever. I didnt hear words per se but I felt like receiving s very strong and powerful message that I was able to translate immediately: you are loved, then you should never worry and then you never need to justify yourself to anyone. It was extremely strong, determined and healing for me. While having the sensation to melt into nature, I felt that the hikers I was encountering were like an extension of my own body. I felt love and compassion for them and I felt they felt my love for them. I wanted to embrace everything and everyone. I kept looking at my hands as if I had a sudden comprehension: there are no limits in matter, we are all One. After the hike, I called my best friend in NY telling her that life was marvelous, that we should love everyone etc\xe2\x80\xa6 that I suddenly understood songs like Imagine, One or the Man in the Mirror. I felt so grateful for life, quit smoking immediately and didnt fear death anymore.    ",,France,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,writer/,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
671,ADC,1334,20,,F,"I went into my patients room to set her up to eat the noon time meal. She was quiet, awake but not quite there, still breathing. While I was turning her from one side to the next, she died when I moved to the other side of the bed I saw her spirit or ghost hovering at her bedside, the spirit looked down at her own body, looked at me, looked down at her body and then turned away and vanished.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Young m,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
672,ME ,1089,36,,F,"At the time I felt that I met God and learned many things about the universe and my role in it (but I didnt hear anything, I just learned). I also felt conflicted/afraid because I thought that it was impossible to meet God and learn so many things, so I felt like I was losing my mind. However, I managed to keep my job, run my lab, and continue normal living through it without seeking medical attention, so in that sense I had not lost my mind. At the end of it, I had a much more concrete spirituality/belief system. I felt infused with certain knowledge. For example, I had never thought about a triune God, but I was infused with a belief in a triune God and an understanding of the concept (even though I cant put it into words). I felt infused with the concept of a Son of God (Jesus). I saw many levels of overlapping consciousness on earth. I understood my necessary place in the universe through specific visions of relatives/loved ones. I absolutely believed in a God that is love and ultimate reality, who has a hand in everything we do. I was called into contemplation. I had to spend many many hours in silence in Church and on walks. I had to listen to Pachelbels Connon many times. I felt I was learning the most important information available to human beings directly from God.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",post,Profess,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
673,ME ,1116,34,,F,Please see earlier summary.    ,,USA/Brazi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,very strong,none,"100,000+",maste,Wall St,,marri,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
674,ADC,1333,59,,F,"I was grieving for the recent passing of my brother. His death caused by prostate cancer had seemed untimely. He also did not want to go and put up quite a fight. At his funeral, I was inconsolable mainly because I felt he had been taken before his time. He also seemed ill prepared for his own departure. I felt guilty also wondering if there was something I could have or should have done to help prolong his life here on earth.  At first I observed what seemed to be a thin mist in the doorway. I also felt his presence very heavily. I was afraid, because I knew what I was experiencing was outside the norm. Every time I started dozing off to sleep I felt pulled towards him on a spiritual level. I must hve fallen asleep or in that space between sleepand conciousness I had an encounter with him. I was able to ask any questions that I wanted to and did. I asked him if he was ok. He explained that he was happy. Knowing how reluctant he was to leave I asked: who helped you. He answered Aubrey not someone I knew or had heard of. He had come to me to let me know not to grieve for him as he had gone on to a better place and he was doing fine.        ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Sales,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
675,NDE,1215,20,,F,"Instantly the pain stopped and I found myself in the most beautiful place, no shape, no form, every thing was rose colored and the music that I heard was indescribably beautiful. I felt no pain only the deepest of peace, no other forms or persons, just the color pink totally surrounding me and holding me. But I coudnt stay there and the next thing I knew I was back in the delivery room and the first thing I heard was my sons healthy cry.  I learned that God had a special purpose for my life or He never would have brought me back into this painfilled world. But I now had 2 little children who needed me to be their mother and I have been that for the past 52 years amongst a whole lot of other roles.    ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Housewi,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
676,ADC,1256,56,,M,"The following can best described as a conversation I had, in the middle of the night, with the spirit of my deceased friend, Gayle. She was a high school pal from my senior year at a well-known arts boarding school in Michigan. She passed away in January after a long grueling bout with cancer. Of course, we didn\xe2\x80\x99t speak in exact words, (other than the comment about \xe2\x80\x9c56 or 57 years\xe2\x80\x9d which I remember clearly), but I have written what was said in that wonderful, brief moment of connection when I felt I had a peek behind the curtain of mortality. Gayle Hey, Mike! Mike Gayle! Gayle I\xe2\x80\x99m OK, here. I\xe2\x80\x99m happy and at peace. Thank you for remembering me, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t want you to feel so badly. Mike I miss you so much! Gayle I know it seems like my life was cut short, but we don\xe2\x80\x99t say, \xe2\x80\x9cGayle lived 56 or 57 years\xe2\x80\x9d here. How long you were on earth doesn\xe2\x80\x99t matter. What matters is if you had a good life \xe2\x80\x93 if you knew God\xe2\x80\x99s love and touched other people with it. Mike Gayle \xe2\x80\x93 I understand \xe2\x80\x93 Quality not Quantity! Gayle Exactly! Mike, I had a wonderful life, so don\xe2\x80\x99t feel badly \xe2\x80\x93 just know peace and joy for me now. Mike I do feel it, Gayle. And I can be happy for you \xe2\x80\x93 I feel your peace and joy. It must be what heaven feels like. Gayle I love you, Mike. Mike (raising hand to touch a presence) Thank you, Gayle \xe2\x80\x93  And she was gone\xe2\x80\xa6    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Musicia,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
677,OBE,1443,25,,F,"When I was in my 20s, I had a number of out of body experiences where I would find myself in a different location than my body. (was not on drugs or attempting OBE, did not know much about it and still dont) What was significant to me was the experience of seeing without eyes and hearing without ears. That is the best way I could describe it. Experience was hyper real Was able to confirm once with a sister-in-law, that while my body was not present, I was with her and accurately observing her. Leaving an OBE felt like my body fit like a glove that was too tight. Was no emotional physical trauma going on at the time. Have not had these experiences since then. Of note, I have always been a lucid dreamer am aware I am dreaming while I am asleep and can consciously influence what is going on in dreams I enjoy flying, changing locations with a thought and walking through walls. Also of note have always felt unconditionally loved its just kind of who I am. Feels like something I carry with me no matter the circumstances.    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,nurse,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
678,ME ,1432,40,,M,Because I have written extensively about my experience I have chosen to wait until I can attach a pdf document.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Psychot,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
679,DEE,1486,24,,M,I found myself moving in a tunnel with the walls looking like lumpy dark clouds. I saw a light up ahead. Suddenly the light engulfed me with a complete feeling of total love.    ,,Citizen o,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
680,DEE,1382,39,,F,"The voice that woke me was so pronounced and deliberate. Also,the waking was accompanied by a night sweat. But that was it...I also recall I had a vivid dream 2 weeks before this incident. The dream involved Damir. I had dreamt I was in a courtyard at a wedding with my 2 children and husband at the time. I had seen the devil lurking in the courtyard trying to hide and not be seen. I then said, In the name of God I command you to leave! and he turned and walked out through the gate. At that momeent, after he left, my friend Damir walked up to the entrance gate with arbor and walked in. Before Damir passed away, I conveyed the dream as well as the divine message I receieved 2 weeks after. He was dumbfounded.    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Healthc,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
681,DEE,1336,37,,F,It was just like a tiny orb darting in then out of the room. I was a little scared but also a little comforted thinking it might be my grandfather. It moved fast and deliberate. I never stayed at my grandmothers house again in fear that it might happen again.     ,,uS citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,Stay at,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
682,ME ,1555,15,,F,"See previous question. Rather than a visual, it was a presence, and understanding, an overwhelming felling of love that goes beyond words. Gods voice was a thought, a feeling in my soul, a oneness but a separateness.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Stay at,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
683,NDE,1117,30,,M,"I was walking along a road. It was not paved, but a gravel path, very nicely maintained with beautiful flowers along the sides. The road started in a valley and went up a hill towards a very beautiful mansion or palace with a gate in front of it. It was far off in the distance from where I began to walk, I can\xe2\x80\x99t say how far exactly. On either side of the road, the land sloped away sharply, like going off a cliff, so if one fell off the road, one would land in a deep, dark pit. From the pit one could hear sounds of agony, wailing, and lamenting from human beings who were down there. Some tried to claw their way up and grab at me on the road, but I knew they could not actually reach me. I was a little afraid at first, as I knew this to be the pit of hell. The road was not narrow, however, so there was no danger of me falling off the road. I began walking towards the gate, all the while the lost souls wailing until I got near to the gate. Close to the gate, they were no longer around. The mansion was very beautiful. The whole environment was other-worldly, somehow glittering and radiant. I knew I was on another plane, no longer on Earth. I could hear the gentle music of stringed instruments in the background, very soothing and lovely. Eventually I started nearing the gate of the mansion or palace. The mansion was actually quite far from the gate, but one could see radiant beings behind the gate going about their daily activities. Some were carrying baskets with flowers and all were going about their daily routine. There was complete unity and love there, unlike the way people on Earth behave. It was serene and peaceful, just a wonderful place, and I really wanted so much to go inside. There were four winged angels guarding the gate on the outside, two on each side, and as I approached, they moved together and crossed their arms, blocking my entry. They were radiant beings, clearly not human. They were so very kind, but were not going to let me in, although they did not say anything to that effect. There was so much joy and peace there, I tried to get by them, when a group of beings from inside approached the gate to talk to me. An elderly \xe2\x80\x9cgentleman\xe2\x80\x9d (not a human being) with white hair spoke to me. Although he was right in front of me, his voice sounded like he was very, very far away. It was almost like I was hearing an echo of something said in the distance. He said I would be there at a point in time, but not yet, that my mission was incomplete and that I still had a lot more to accomplish. He was very kind and spoke gently to me, absolutely convincing me that I could not get in. Until this moment, I had really not thought about anything relating to my earthly life, although I knew who I was. I was dressed as I was the day of the accident. When he told me that I could not enter, only then did I start to try to think about what had really happened to me and what was going on. I thought it odd that I was the only person around and there were no dogs or other animals. As I was considering all this, I left that place. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know if I actually regained consciousness at that precise moment, but I suspect I did. I did not recognize any people whom I knew previously who had died. I also did not know any of the people in the pit.    ",,Ghana,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,I was a,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
684,ADC,1209,54,,F,"One night during my sleep, I had a short but very powerful dream. I could see my father walking on a treadmill and my mother, who is still alive, was there too. It seemed to be in their home, but all I could see was my father and mother. I looked at my mother and said, Is that dad? and she replied, yes it is. I walked over to him and he was dressed differently than normal. He had a funny looking sleeveless down jacket on. He was a man who liked to look nice and this jacket was just not him. He had this wonderful smile on his face and his being generated such great warmth. There were no words shared, but I could feel his love beyond measure for me. It was like our spirits were talking. The message was I love you and I must go now. That was the end of the dream.    ",,United St,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Revenue,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
685,NDA,1367,41,,F,I know I saw him standing behind my Mom that day and was really dumbfounded when I realized he really wasnt there. It was as if his spirit was trying to tell me something.    ,,American,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Softwar,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
686,ADC,1233,45,,F,"One morning about six weeks after Chelsy died I had this overwhelming urge to call Diana. I didnt know why or what I would say but I called her right right after I got out of the shower, wet head and all.....at the end of the reading she said wait, wait....your daughter is coming to me.....its her....she is with a guide....hes someone from your past, helping her now.....she is not speaking but she wants you to know how happy she is....she is holding up pictures of beautiful flowers, vivid colors, she is smiling from ear to ear. Then she said Chelsy wants you to know how much love her body holds for you. And that her job in heaven was to help her sister Carrie. At that point I lost it, again crying uncontrollably....I had never heard of an encounter like this. Afterwards I wrote it all down so I wouldnt forget it.....then like Dr Alexander I read everything I could get my hands on. Hello from Heaven comes to mind along with Embraced by the Light......I was obscessed to learn everything that I could about what had happened. I didnt tell too many people as I knew my Christian friends may be judgemental about my involvement with the psychic. Hell, after all I had been through, who should judge...God was merciful to me; Diana helped me more than any counselor ever did in my lifetime.    ",,"USA, born","25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,My back,,divor,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
687,ME ,1027,29,,F,The voice was so deep and firm. There was no questioning or denying what I experienced. I was to hear that voice 2 more times in later years.    ,,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
688,OBE,1002,32,,M,"Once I blacked out I saw myself from behind. I physically was standing behind myself. I felt whole and yet completely detached form my body, completely aware of what was happening. I saw my friend shaking me, call out to his wife and could see her in the kitchen which I could not have done from the vantage of sitting on the sofa. I felt whole but less substance, hard to explain but teh only way I can explain, like I was whole but did not feel the weight of me or my body. When I came back to my body and woke up i experience a loud pop and then my eyes opened and I took in a large gasp of air, got up and felt ok more or less minus the soreness from coughing. No headache nothing    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Prefer no,Unity,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",maste,non pro,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
689,DEE,1234,24,,M,"Introduction While I read through \xe2\x80\x9cProof of Heaven\xe2\x80\x9d I was struck by the similarity of several distinct items that were present within a spiritual experience that occurred to me. The items that Dr. Eben Alexander presented in \xe2\x80\x9cProof of Heaven that were similar if not identical to what I experienced are as follows: 1.) Peoples clothes were natural to the environment. 2.) The experiences were perceived to be magnitudes more real than normal life. 3.) The \xe2\x80\x9cglorious chant\xe2\x80\x9d was everywhere and came from many places. 4.) A exhilarating sense of unity with all that exists. 5.) Dr. Eben Alexanders description of communication as, \xe2\x80\x9cthoughts that entered me directly\xe2\x80\x9d is similar to the direct communication with the Word of God that came upon me. The Word communicated as if through every subatomic particle field--not through words but through the Word of God. Although the religious experience written here is in dream format, the information transferred and situations experienced were of a supra consciousness nature. The religious experience developed as an independent psychological process over a twenty year period--from adolescence to adulthood. The religious experience happened to me at age 24 on September 03, 1979. I am 57 years old. Since I was 24 years old I have had no extraordinary psychological experiences. Personal experiences with direct spiritual development of consciousness are eternal and transcend both living experiences and after death experiences. Heaven is not strictly an after death state and something, perhaps a \xe2\x80\x9ccosmic mind,\xe2\x80\x9d interacts with the human brain and shares some obscure affinity with each human mind. In a sense \xe2\x80\x9cIt\xe2\x80\x9d is omnipresent; heaven is all around us but we typically fail to see it. Both living and after death experiences attest to this fact. This experience is of the living variety.  The Trances From age 4 through 21 I had experienced approximately 10 trances that would take me to what seemed like another dimension. My first recollection, of two symbols that appeared in one form or another throughout the trances and in the religious experience, was from a time as a kid with high fever. I saw two sparkling nuns that were walking along an infinite seashore. Children were playing beneath a sun umbrella and fragile autumn leaves blew across the sand. I perceived an infinitely dense black line coming from the sky to crush the leaves, the sun umbrella and the children. I cried out, \xe2\x80\x9cthe line. the line\xe2\x80\x9d as my mother put cold water and rubbing alcohol on my forehead to reduce the fever. The trances stopped occurring during fever (associated with illness) around 10 years old. But I would try to stay awake by watching T.V. late into the night because I knew the trance would take place if I fell asleep and that scared me. Usually when the trance started Id get up out of bed and sit in a chair. The experience then caused the world to fade out. The walls of the room would disappear and a dark space with two huge dense masses of sparkling energy would transfer their energy back and forth through a sparkling, connecting line along which the energy flowed. I had no recognition of my presence. When the one mass would become infinitesimal to the point of disappearing, the other would become dense and heavy. Then I would become frightened. But, eventually, the energy would transfer out of the dense and heavy sparkling mass along the line and back into the one that almost disappeared. The last few times, around 20 years old, when I experienced the trances, the episodes were witnessed without fear. Id get up out of bed, sit on a couch and simply watch the show. Afterwords, I thought that was really strange but it didnt make any sense so I didnt think much of it. When I was 24 years old, at a time when my mind was biologically mature, I had a profound religious experience that seemed to be the end result of the trances. It was in the form of a dream that I could understand. Although this experience was in dream-like symbolism. I experienced it far greater than waking life experiences. Perception and emotion while in it had been enhanced. I often referred to an increase of reality to a magnitude of 10 when recounting the experience. Carl Jung stated that what acts is actual and this experience was actually the most intense experience in my life. Like a dream that you try to recall, while it fades away with the more time that passes between waking and the writing of it, much of the details escaped my memory at the time of writing it. I was in tears and quite overwhelmed upon waking but some parts of the dream that I remember and wrote are still remembered along with the emotional intensity as evidenced in my consistent effort",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Machini,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
690,OBE,1186,48,,M,"There was a a beautiful room, open doorway, ochre walls, 2 black chairs,two large windows displaying a blue sky. A shelf with 7 potted Jade Plants... each pot had a face on it. under the shelf was a small sign reading: Mama Master. What was so beautiful was the feeling of this rooom... pure love... pure bliss...beyond description. Almost felt like a waiting room of some sort. I felt like i was in this room, viewing it and looking all around the space.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Graphic,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
691,ADC,1141,55,,F,"It happened during the night while I was dreaming. I will never forget it. I told everyone that I knew who would be open to receiving this experience. I remember sitting at a rectangular table. I was at the end. There were three men,I could feel Love and familiarity, The first man filed in front of me the other men I only saw there heads but again I felt I knew them there essence not seeing their faces. I was looking at a man he was young about 30 years old.He was wearing a pink pinstriped shirt,grey hair and handsome. I was crying I held my hands up to my cheeks and was resting there. I said Forgive my for crying but you look just like my DAD!. Not a word was spoken by the team of men. I woke up!    ",,Born and,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Junio,Healing,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
692,ME ,1507,20,,M,"After driving to my friends house after the concert we packed into his basement. No parents were home. Now at 12:30 at night I thought the effects of the mushrooms were wearing off. After staring at a spiral tapestry for a moment, I spun into a deep state of transcendence. I have had experience with psychedelics before in the past but never experienced anything close to what happened next. I sat in a circular cozy sofa and closed my eyes and my consciousness entered a dimension where it felt as if I had tapped into an eternal network of knowledge. Bursts of ideas regarding life and its wonders popped into my consciousness like bubbles, each identifying value which could not be explained by words very easily. An understanding of love was undeniable as it clearly is the adhesive force binding all of life. I understood that life requires a balance of the extremes and that death is nothing to fear but simply the critical point where our spirits transcend the physical realm. I could not see anything worth noting but the knowledge brought to my attention introduced me to the most profound spiritual presence I could ever ask to experience. This went o for roughly 5 hours as I would open my eyes occasionally and enter reality briefly only yo close them and dive back into the network.    ",,    Q.  Q,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,Student,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
693,ADC,1315,47,,F,"After the Beach Boys &amp; Louie Louie songs played, and I talked with the other shoppers about feeling my sister had made the DJ play Louie Louie, I walked home. I was sad that my sister had died (she survived 8 months after dx with cancer), I was exuberant that she had contacted me. I talked with my father over the phone. He said that after the memorial service for her, he was cleaning the drink containers. A butterfly of a hue hed never seen (and he was an astute Naturalist) landed on the tap. He decided to leave that tap &amp; go inside. Came back the next day &amp; same butterfly was there. 3rd day &amp; it was there again. He said Kathi, if that is you, go on to Heaven and the butterfly flew around his head &amp; on up into the sky. Dad became more spiritual after that    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
694,DEE,1263,37,,M,"I was breathing underwater without an oxygen mask, somehow drawing bubbles of air from the water. My body wanted to go off and swim, turning and twisting, happy and playful. The light was bright blue higher up and darker blue below. I swam into the deeper blue until I could see the flat bottom of the lake, stretching out before me. I felt suddenly that all my old friends were there \xe2\x80\x93 there were no faces or shapes of people, but I knew they were inside these little round blue balls all over the lake floor. I could sense them powerfully welcoming me as an old and very dear friend \xe2\x80\x93 the feeling of so many friends and of being so thankful to see them again after so long made me both deeply happy and very sad at the same time. When my eyes started to well up, they told me that it was OK, they were there and they will always be there, and that they\xe2\x80\x99re in the beauty all around me.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Self-em,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
695,ME ,1427,61,,F,I felt at peace and thought that it was nice that Jesus was with me. I never thought that I wouldnt be ok.    ,,us    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,teacher,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
696,ME ,1061,42,,F,"The air seemed thicker like I was part of the presence all around me. I heard the Om. I felt peace. My heart felt like it had absolutely exploded in a good way. I understood the images of Jesus Christ and his heart on fire or raw in a whole new way after that, for that is what I felt. After that first bout of hilarity, I cried on and off for 3 days to realize the depths of the delusion humankind lives in here. And yet I was never unaware of the profound PEACE and LOVE underlying all of creation. How we split the world into parts and names with our minds...when the underlying truth is Love. I understood the difference between Spiritual Reality and the reality we think is real with our minds. I understood transcending the personality. I understood the conditions requisites, if you will to transcending the personality. About 2 years later, this experience gave me the perspective to understand a pattern in my creative works, written decades before, that gave me an insight into the pattern of evolving consciousness, and how that pattern is played out in the advent of the world religions--a model which basically unifies the impulses of all the world religions, each on their own terms (not abstractly) shows that all of humankind is basically on a united, spiritual journey. This experience was the beginning of my understanding, I believe, why I was put on this earth--what my lifes purpose is (to bring this message to earth).    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
697,DEE,1132,29,,F,Read above    ,,Citizen,"50,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Stay at,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
698,ME ,1137,17,,M,"Observed feelings of bliss. What i learned from this initial experience was that i could re-enter this state at will, particularly when relaxed and laying down. Came to understand that there is more than just the physical body. Still curious as to why this occurs and the full mechanics behind it.    ",,Australia,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",some,Hospita,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
699,SDE,1309,48,,F,"My mother seemed to be vacillating between this world and the next. She had facial expressions of surprise, distress, amazement, peace. She spoke of seeing angels, hearing beautiful music, and that people were there with her that had died before her.    ",,Citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Part ti,,single,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
700,DEE,1422,2,,M,See above.    ,,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,Infant,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
701,ADC,1113,50,,F,    ,,citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,I was u,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
702,ME ,1508,49,,M,we were sitting down in my dining room enjoying a BBQ steak dinner when my mother appeared to Stephen holding some objects that only I knew about chiefly a ball of white yarn a knitted baby dress  trimmed in  purple and knitting needles. He never knew  she knitted much less NEVER met her before she died. I started cryingand shaking because I knew it to be true the baby dresses she knitted and gave aways as gifts  for christening the babies    ,,landed,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Fed gov,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
703,NDE,1324,42,,F,"While unconscious, I was in a greyish muddy area and I was looking out over a lake or a pond or a sea of this greyish muddy stuff and there were these peoples heads bobbing out of the mud. I didnt recognize anyone as they were covered with this muck. It was very unnerving.    ",,citizen o,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,nurse,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
704,OBE,1148,62,,M,It was as I described above. Im not sure what I learned except that it was so real and I know that consciousness can survive outside my body.    ,,US Citize,2001 2,atheist,agnostic,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,moder,none,"50,000 99",maste,Retired,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
705,PLR,1194,42,,F,See #43.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",post,Clinica,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
706,ME ,1077,21,,M,I learned that saying prayers and intoning the sound om would switch on the sensation of non physical energetic radiation.    ,,Uk    Q.,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Buddhist,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Maths t,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
707,ADC,1492,29,,F,"At the time, I had been teaching at a certain elementary school for about a year. I didnt really know any other teachers, just kept to those in my grade level. I had a dream one night about a co-workers father. I didnt know this co-worker, barely knew her first name. I didnt even talk to her as we werent even in the same grade level. It was odd that I would randomly dream about her as she was just an acquaintance. In the dream, I entered a bedroom of what seemed to be an older home. I saw this co-workers father, sitting up in a twin sized bed which was up against the wall. He was very happy, smiling, motioned me to come near him. I noticed his hands were at his heart, as if showing me he was in pain or had been in pain. Then he told me that his heart did indeed hurt, but that he wanted me to tell his daughter that he loved her very much. He did this without actually speaking. It was nonverbal communication. Thats all I remember about the dream.    ",,citizen,"50,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,element,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
708,DEE,1382,39,,F,"The voice that woke me was so pronounced and deliberate. Also,the waking was accompanied by a night sweat. But that was it...I also recall I had a vivid dream 2 weeks before this incident. The dream involved Damir. I had dreamt I was in a courtyard at a wedding with my 2 children and husband at the time. I had seen the devil lurking in the courtyard trying to hide and not be seen. I then said, In the name of God I command you to leave! and he turned and walked out through the gate. At that momeent, after he left, my friend Damir walked up to the entrance gate with arbor and walked in. Before Damir passed away, I conveyed the dream as well as the divine message I receieved 2 weeks after. He was dumbfounded.    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Healthc,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
709,DEE,1201,35,,F,"I was comforted, I felt at peace. I felt strong when my mother died later that day, and I coped well with the days following, helping to support my family. I told some people about the experience and they thought it strange that my mothers spirit could have visited me when she was still alive. I was told later by someon else that it was likely to have been an angel who came to me, to give me strength. I am content to believ this assertion.    ",,British,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"25,000 49",maste,Busines,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
710,NDE,1344,23,,F,"After i was in the white space for what seemed a very long time i was suddenly sucked into a tunnel and the sides of it reminded me of the inside of an ocean wave. At the end of it there was an incredible bright light. I went to the light and i wanted to stay there. It was warm ,safe and nothing hurt.i never ever wanted to leave. Then i felt the voice say its not your time yet so i had to go crashing back.I was very sad to leave but my comforting thought was that at least i never ever have to doubt Gods presence because I know now he exists.    ",,Dual Citi,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,TA in g,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
711,ADC,1187,43,,F,"One night after Cloy\xe2\x80\x99s funeral I was lying in my bed in the middle of the night unable to sleep. I was experiencing incredible deep agonizing emotional pain. I had left a church that I knew wasn\xe2\x80\x99t true and I had been ostracized by family and friends for doing so. I was divorced and felt so alone in the world as a single mother. I was curled up in a ball, hugging my knees closely to my chest. I always shook when I cried. It was as if something was trying to shake loose inside of me to finally be free, but it couldn\xe2\x80\x99t quite make its way out, and so I was strangling, squirming for spiritual air. I cried and trembled. Suddenly something other-wordly occurred. I saw Cloy at the end of the hallway. She came towards me into my room. I recognized her because of her outer form. I say outer form because she was translucent, yet color filled, if that makes any sense. I could see through her, yet I could recognize completely that it was her. As she came towards me I said in exclamation, Cloy!\xe2\x80\x9d  It is difficult to describe what happened after that because words cannot describe what occurred next. There simply are no words on this planet for it. All that I can say is that Cloy somehow filled me with what she feels wherever she now is. Suddenly I felt as if someone had placed a needle about two to three inches long in each and every pore over my entire body, starting at the top of my head and ending with the bottom of my toes. The needles had something in them that was the essence of pure unadulterated ecstasy. It was a joy that I have never felt in this earthly existence, and I am certain that it does not exist at the earthly level of vibrational being. The needles tingled full of warm bubbly unconditional love. It was Christmas and Valentines and Halloween all in one. It was chocolate kisses and truffles and the sweet nectar of watercress fresh out of the mountain spring. It was children\xe2\x80\x99s laughter and hugs and unity squared. I was in a state of complete euphoria and exultation that I have never before or since experienced. I was involuntarily smiling from ear to ear. I could feel myself smiling, but it was not me doing it. Seconds before I had been in utter agony. Now, I was so overcome with happiness, that the smile on my face felt permanent. I thought to myself, \xe2\x80\x9cI am not smiling I am being smiled!\xe2\x80\x9d  I lay in the midst of this pleasure and rapture as the needles continued to tingle and pour warm, pure, syrupy, liquid affection into my veins. The veins carried it swiftly to my major organs and I breathed tender compassion. My blood became a river of sweet adulation. I then realized that if there were a drug that could reproduce that feeling \xe2\x80\x93 I\xe2\x80\x99d be on it twenty-four-seven. As a social worker dealing with methamphetamine users, I had wondered why in the world these people would take drugs and lose everything for it. Instantaneously I knew the answer. I mean, if it feels anything like what I felt that night, I can understand why someone would sell their soul for it. I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that this feeling was ethereal from another realm. I could only guess that Cloy was aware of my secret agony and she was giving me the ecstatic feeling that is constantly present wherever she is to assuage my pain. The message of the feeling was one of (and it\xe2\x80\x99s difficult for me to say this in words because it was conveyed to me beyond words \xe2\x80\x93 it was communicated soul to soul, mind to mind \xe2\x80\x93 words just cheapen it, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t know how else to describe it except with words) \xe2\x80\x9cJane, you are loved unconditionally and you are OK just the way you are. The apostles aren\xe2\x80\x99t right. The church isn\xe2\x80\x99t right. There is no right. There is no duality. Love, love, love. You are love and you are loved. There is only love.\xe2\x80\x9d   I closed my eyes and luxuriated in the heavenly tingling. Eventually it subsided. The needles slowly pulled out of my body, starting at the top of my head and finally leaving altogether through the ends of my toes. I am thankful to Cloy for showing me such support and joy.      ",,Citizen o,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Social,,divor,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
712,ADC,1385,37,,F,"    After closing the front door shut, I looked up to see this very sad look on my Daughters face, she was crying. I didnt think for one minute she was dead. I told her to come down off the stairs and she just looked at me blankly, pleadingly. That look will haunt me all my life. It was then I noticed my dressing gown belt, which was made of a silk like material around her neck. Reflecting back on this, I realise now that the stitches had broken so this had stretched giving the illusion, Tracey was standing on the stairs, leaning against the wall.    Thinking she was unconscious but alive, I realised by locking the door, I had locked out any chance of help from neighbours. I asked my little girl to go in the kitchen and get a chair. Put it near the bench and stand on it. On the top of the cabinets above, there are some scissors, bring them to me?    Bless her, she done everything asked of her while I held Tracey from her own weight. My little boy cried and cried and cried in a panic and was too young to understand the urgency what was going on around him other than he knew there was something very wrong.     I cut my Daughter free, called 999 then started Life saving techniques. I did have the support of the emergency service by phone. Although the ambulance service is a five minute journey to my home, I found out later there was a mix-up as the houses were within the first six months of building and the postcode had not gone on the register.     Thirty five minutes later, with a two year old still screaming and a five year old who thought there was blood on her sisters neck when actually was the marks like rubber bands make if you leave them a while around your wrist.     This was so traumatic for everyone who knew her. I also has two other children to consider. One aged thirteen who my now dead Daughter was very close to and my eldest Daughter, who was married and living in army quarters of Germany    Without my other children, I would not be here today. They gave me a reason to go on. They had suffered enough. My Daughter was pronounced dead when the ambulance eventually arrived.    ",,Full UK r,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Student,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
713,NDA,1461,14,,F,"I had an experience of feeling like I was suspended in nothing-ness. I had noe desire or need to breath . My experience was of feeling extremely peaceful and happy. My awareness was of being in a place like the night sky. It was very dark but there were twinkling lights like stars. I could hear beautiful harp like music.There was a presence there I felt was God. I spoke to God but not in words, just thoughts.I had no concern for myself, I was perfectly ok but I distinctly remember saying, Please God dont do this to my mother. She wont cope. She has just lost her mother. I then remember being pulled out of the water.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,High sc,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
714,DEE,1239,36,,F,"It is very hard to describe because I didnt see anything with me eyes, however, I FELT everything very strongly. The energy and the love/acceptance that the being emanated was FAR STRONGER and more VAST than what is humanly possible, therefore I did not feel that the entity was human (as in, a deceased relative). The energy was so huge and positively powerful, that I strongly felt it was a higher dimensional being, eg. an angel, spirit guide or God themself. The strength of the unconditional love/acceptance was WAY beyond human love. I could sense that with every fibre of my being. The experience left me in NO DOUBT that I had just experienced a Divine Entity Encounter.    ",,7th gener,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,never,moder,littl,"0 24,999",High,Compute,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
715,OBE,1454,17,,M,"I came back home late at night from a fair that I had gone to with my girlfriend. I went to my room, and I was very sleepy. Although I was really tired, I wanted to stay awake because I still wanted to call my girlfriend before going to bed. The urge to sleep was powerful though, and I started to drift off into a dose.. HOWEVER, I was still AWARE I wanted to stay awake, so consciously I was still fighting the sleep. So I got up. Except.. It wasnt my PHYSICAL body that got up... I.. and not the PHYSICAL I, maybe it was my spirit I dont know, rose up a few feet in the air and stood there as if I was floating. I knew wasnt a dream because I had had several dreams/nightmares up until now, and also I knew I was still in my room in the exact same spot (Despite being in the air) and I saw my television, walls, and things in my room that were already there before, in the exact same place. My sight of these things was shortly focused on something else, as I saw a tall, black, shadowy figure standing right in front of me. I was frozen with fear as obviously this sort of thing doesnt happen everyday for me.. So I just stood there looking at it. It seemed malevolent. I just had this feeling that it knew I was scared of it, and that was an achieved goal for the figure or something, and it slowly started to walk (move, float) towards me. Before it got too close, I woke up.. Or.. Became my physical self again, and I was scared and confused at what just happened..    ",,United St,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Odd Job,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
716,ME ,1360,48,,F,"The temple or church was really beautiful and complicated, it had curly cue tops, architecture like you might see in Burma or Thailand. The entire thing was made out of bone that had been polished. It was made from human bone! But for some reason this wasnt creepy at all. It was kind of like, the bones of the maryters or something? It was a way to honor them? Anyway, we were going in to check it out. I had a group of kids to watch, 4 or 5 of them. My daughter wasnt there as I remember, I think she had gone ahead. There were some boys who were slower and lagging from the general group so I stayed back with them to encourage them to keep going not to get so far behind. They moved along but something very strongly encouraged me to remain in that room for just a few minutes. We were in a small darker, cove like part of the Cathedral, there was an alter, seemed like lots of candles and gold and polished marble and polished bone inside the room. At the right to the altar where was an extremely intricately carved place, it was like the kind of carving you might see on an elephant tusk that the Chinese can do. But this was all people and scenes from the Bible. In the middle there was the nativity scene. Mary and joseph were there and baby jesus. I could see a teeny tiny well, with a pump. I stayed there waiting and then I heard a sound that was like a radio being dialed into tune, lots of static and voices. Finally one voice became clear. It was Marys! She had an accent! Like a very old one from a language that is not spoken anymore. But she spoke to me in English. She told me to pump some water from the well into this teeny tiny cup. So I did that, the cup was even smaller than a thimble. I wasnt sure what I supposed to do with it? Dip my fingers into it and make the sign of the cross like Holy Water? Or drink it? I didnt want to offend or do that wrong thing! She told me to drink it! But it understood immediately that it was to be just a small amount, I was not to drink the entire thing. This was for my own good, so that I would not become greedy. She said as I sipped some, This is soup. Nourishment for the world.    ",,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",maste,Childre,,marri,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
717,ADC,1113,50,,F,    ,,citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,I was u,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
718,NDA,1367,41,,F,I know I saw him standing behind my Mom that day and was really dumbfounded when I realized he really wasnt there. It was as if his spirit was trying to tell me something.    ,,American,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Softwar,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
719,NDE,1033,28,,F,I heard a soft voice urgently tell me to move my legs so that the fire could not get to my heart. I could not go with her because I had to stay with the children. I saw my two childrens faces before me and I struggled very hard to move my legs. I could feel the heat of the lightning moving in my body.     ,,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
720,DEE,1391,27,,F," Immediately after demanding that God prove himself, I became warm and felt as if I were being wrapped in a soft blanket. Then I heard (in my head but more clear than anything ever said) I love you. This was repeated a couple of times, until I stood up and said Ok. Thank you. Then I went in the house. After that I never felt any desire to end my life, or that I was worthless.    ",,US citize,"50,000",agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
721,OBE,1186,48,,M,"There was a a beautiful room, open doorway, ochre walls, 2 black chairs,two large windows displaying a blue sky. A shelf with 7 potted Jade Plants... each pot had a face on it. under the shelf was a small sign reading: Mama Master. What was so beautiful was the feeling of this rooom... pure love... pure bliss...beyond description. Almost felt like a waiting room of some sort. I felt like i was in this room, viewing it and looking all around the space.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Graphic,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
722,NDE,1010,19,,F,i saw a light; i felt compassion and love; i cant really describe what i heard i guess i also heard compassion and love    ,,citizen,1 mill,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,unemplo,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
723,ME ,1414,44,,F,"I felt a heavy melancholy settle within me. It felt like my stomach had dropped out, and I was filled with a large black empty feeling. It was so weird, I told my husband about it. I had never felt that way. The room seemed filled with a gauze of gray cloudiness, that I referred to as drear. I stopped &amp; thought, What is happening here? Then I realized my mother had died. The feeling was so overwhelming, I was sure she had died at that instant, &amp; made a mental note of the time. I had never had so deep a feeling in my life. I told my husband my mom had died. He did not question. He asked if I wanted to call home, &amp; I said, No shes dead. Theres nothing more to do. He asked if I wanted to stop in Rockford where my mom lived, on the way home to Chicago. I said, No. We went to the art fair in Madison as planned, and I slowly prepared myself for what was to come seeing my estranged family again. On the way home to Chicago, we stopped in Rockford for dinner. My husband asked if I wanted to call home or stop. No. I wanted to go home. I needed time.    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,jewelry,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
724,DEE,1369,50,,F,"At the age of 50, I had an experience that transformed my life. I had been working with a tool in a secluded area of my home. I left the room for a few minutes, but when I returned, the tool had \xe2\x80\x9cvanished\xe2\x80\x9d and was never seen again. After exhausting every possible explanation for the disappearance, I felt my world falling apart. For the next few days, all I could do was to walk round and round the house in the hope that somehow the tool would mysteriously reappear. The experience was like being thrown into an alien universe, where all the laws of the only universe I had ever known had ceased to exist \xe2\x80\x93 it was like living in a world without gravity. When I eventually regained my composure, I began thinking of ways to solve the mystery. I had heard that the CIA uses psychics, so I made an appointment with one of these people in my area. Although he could not see what had happened to the tool, the psychic indicated that a being on the other side wanted to communicate with me. He described her as wearing a nurse\xe2\x80\x99s uniform and giving her first name as Edith. He could not understand her surname, but he thought it started with a C or a K. When I suggested \xe2\x80\x9cEdith Cavell\xe2\x80\x9d, he told me that was correct. (He had obviously never heard of the remarkable English nurse). Through the psychic, Edith accurately described a pendant I owned. She said I should hold it completely still and then ask her a question. If the answer was \xe2\x80\x98yes\xe2\x80\x99, the pendant would move one way; if the answer was \xe2\x80\x98no\xe2\x80\x99, it would move another way. Being of a sceptical disposition, I did not believe that something I owned could ever move of its own accord. But on arriving home, I did what Edith had suggested and to my absolute astonishment, the pendant moved as she had indicated \xe2\x80\x93 either vertically or horizontally. After a new months of fruitful yes/no communication, I asked Edith a question one day, but instead of its usual movements, the pendant swung around in a circle. Eventually I discovered that a circle indicated the need to rephrase the question. Not long after that, Edith changed her mode of communication to one where she caused my hand to move in different directions. Then one day I asked a question, but there was no response. It turned out that Edith was handing me over to someone else. The only way I could ascertain the name of this being was to go through the alphabet. I found it almost impossible to believe that the name of the new guide I was being given was Aristotle. I was in such a state of anxiety that I contacted a renowned psychic without giving him any information about myself. At the consultation he told me he was being given a vision of philosophers in Ancient Greece. This gave me reassurance that I was not losing my mind. Aristotle told me that I should apply to do a PhD in philosophy, and that I should do a lot of background reading. To this day I have never been to a philosophy lecture \xe2\x80\x93 let alone studied in the field. When I eventually rang the Professor I had chosen, he \xe2\x80\x9cforgot\xe2\x80\x9d to ask me about the previous work I had done in philosophy.  After being accepted by the University, I began a difficult journey, but I had a wonderful supervisor who carried me through. At one point Aristotle said I would need to use a concept by the very early philosopher, Anaximander. Of course I had never heard of this thinker, but I used his concept to unite the various ideas I was presenting. Later on, Aristotle handed me over to the modern French philosopher, Jacques Derrida. By this time I had become used to the miraculous, which was just as well, because I found Jacques\xe2\x80\x99 writing difficult to grasp. In the end, thanks to all the help I was given from the other side, the two examiners I had described my dissertation as \xe2\x80\x9coutstanding\xe2\x80\x9d. (It is titled \xe2\x80\x9cHeidegger and the mystery of being\xe2\x80\x9d and is on the web). Among other things it addresses the question of mysticism, and I am now interested in relating mystical experiences to the idea of the divine. From what I have read in Dr. Alexander\xe2\x80\x99s book, and from my own experience, it seems difficult to conceive of God as an all-powerful being who sends people to hell if they don\xe2\x80\x99t repent. The evidence seems to be overwhelming that the whole of the universe is love.     ",,Australia,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",docto,church,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
725,DEE,1534,57,,M,No noise. I was fortunate to have a first hand experience that strengthened my faith in things beyond the physical world.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Tree se,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
726,DEE,1132,29,,F,Read above    ,,Citizen,"50,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Stay at,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
727,ADC,1114,50,,F,"Im not sure how to classify this experience, but I was in my bed at the end of the day, with my husband beginning to fall asleep beside me, reading an article in a Church magazine. The article grabbed my interest because of its unusual title relating to grief and how those who have passed on are affected by their loved ones grieving for them. I told my husband that he should read the article because it was so unusual, but he said he would read it in the morning. He never did. Within a couple of weeks, he had a motorcycle accident and was killed instantly. After his funeral, I went find the magazine to re-read the article for comfort, but the article was not in the issue I was sure it was in. I looked through many months of the magazine, but was never able to find the article. I have not been able to find a complete message like the one I read that night in any article in any magazine since, however I have found in other publications similar lessons about those who have passed on.    ",,citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Homemak,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
728,ADC,1544,59,,F,see above    ,,US    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",docto,Technic,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
729,ME ,1204,25,,M," I was so overcome by all of this and feeling so ecstatic that I thought I couldn`t take any more of it or I would burst. with an effort of will I brought myself back to earth ,so to speak. All this happened 40 years ago but it is unforgetable. I have tried many times to induce this experience since then but to no avail.    ",, U.K.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio, electr,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
730,DEE,1168,8,,F,"She told me some scary things were about to come but wouldnt say what. Just that it may seem dark but there is love in the darkness. I must know I am safe and I am loved. It was like a lullaby, there is nothing to fear, you are in our arms. We are watching over you always.    ",,Citizen,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Childho,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
731,DEE,1484,12,,M,Explained in question 8    ,,American,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Weilder,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
732,DEE,1111,32,,F,"Sometime during the night, I began to dream. (Highly unusual because I NEVER remember dreams although I am sure that I do dream). I was present in this dream. I knew immediately that something unusual was happening. I was wearing a long white robe and I had sandals on my feet. It was very warm. I remember thinking wow why is it so warm in a dream this is way too real. Just then I bit down and felt a grain of sand between teeth. I stopped and said to myself wait, this is important because it is real. I walked between 2 buildings made of what looked like adobe to me and I kept walking until I entered a courtyard that was of good size. There were clusters of men standing around talking with one another and they were dressed somewhat like me except they had more colorful gear on. I remember thinking that I was in Bibical days by the way they looked. In the center of the yard were a group of boys playing some kind of ball. They were chasing a ball (that was really a bunch of rags tied together). They were kicking the ball back and forth and seemed intent on playing a game. As I looked around, over to my right was a young boy about 8 to 10 years old. He had that look of dejection about him. He was leaning against the wall with his left shoulder. He was looking down and was moving the sand around with his foot. My mother instinct kicked in and I felt compassion for the boy because I knew he had not been chosen to play. I moved over behind him and that is when I reached out and touched his shoulder. He turned and looked straight into my eyes. The air literally left me and I dropped to my knees. You see, it didnt matter that he was a boy I knew him. I knew him and I began to cry. It was the Savior. Without his lips moving, transferring language to me directly to my head (but more putting it into English falls so short; it was like a thought that came to me and then blew up inside my head) but I HEARD his voice and I knew it. How do I know it? I dont know but in that moment I remember saying Oh, I know that voice! I knew that I missed him so much. I knew that I had been bought and paid for (atonement)if I chose to allow it (free agency and all). I loved him. I sensed the largness of the universe and how there was no end . . . but wait . . . he spoke Cindy, I never fit in. From that statement I understood that he didnt have to show me the cross . . . he really means he was a weird human among humans. That is all that I heard . . . everything else is as real . . . it just was that odd hearing/listening thing. Here is the significant exchange to me . . . I felt the love. It is more than love, but on Earth that is what we say. I knew it was for EVERY single human who was going to live and who had ever lived. If was like I could have reached out and picked it up . . . it had substance. And, it hurt. The love was so much that it hurt and I was humbled by what I felt. It was over. I sat straight up in my bed and looked at the clock. It was 2 a.m. For the next few weeks, the feeling didnt leave me. Sometimes I would just look at a group of students on the BSU campus and want to burst into tears because I knew how much he loved them. Then, like all things, the memory started to fade. A few months later, I got down on my knees and begged for the gift of always remembering that feeling and the event. I dont think about it every day. I am 61 now. But, I can recall it all. By the way . . . I have never wasted one more breath complaining to him about feeling out of place.    ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,secreta,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
733,ADC,1191,35,,F,"I didnt observe anything. It was entirely spiritual. I felt a strong feeling of reassurance and love. I felt freed from fear of death, and fear of life.    ",,Citizen,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",some,Housewi,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
734,ME ,1508,49,,M,we were sitting down in my dining room enjoying a BBQ steak dinner when my mother appeared to Stephen holding some objects that only I knew about chiefly a ball of white yarn a knitted baby dress  trimmed in  purple and knitting needles. He never knew  she knitted much less NEVER met her before she died. I started cryingand shaking because I knew it to be true the baby dresses she knitted and gave aways as gifts  for christening the babies    ,,landed,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Fed gov,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
735,DEE,1280,56,,F,"During the Sanctus (Holy Holy Holy) I was raised off the floor.  I have been hoping it would happen again, because I was praising God with a huge choir of Angels. realy gave me chills. I have a nice choir @ church, but this was extra special with trumpets blaring and a great choir of ? Angels singing.    ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",Junio,Radiogr,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
736,NDE,1388,54,,M,"Bam!  That had to be a plane, I thought to myself. Nothing else could possibly be moving that fast. The force of the impact had snapped the drivers seat off and I felt the car being catapulted forward. That in itself was alarming.  I had been traveling north on I-75 just north of Atlanta, GA and had just been readying to exit the North Marietta Loop traveling at about 60 mph when the impact from behind had occurred. Just a couple minutes prior I had seen some jets taking off from Dobbins Air Base. It wasnt a plane that hit me though. It was an uninsured 19 yr old driving an unregistered vehicle. Witness reports put his speed at over a 100 mph as he wove in and out of traffic coming up I-75.  The impact caused the back end of my car to jerk out to the right. The wheels on my Toyata Corolla seemed to grab the road surface. I could feel the car begin to turn over. I knew how fast I was going. I knew the car would be turning over and over in a wild tumble. It was without a doubt one of those entire life in a flash moments. There wasnt a lot of time for any lengthy reminiscing though.  Just two thoughts went through my mind. The first was a pondering why Divine Spirit had chosen this time for me. Wow, I really thought Ive learned a lot in this life. Im just at the point in life where I might be able to offer others something worthwhile. Why now?  The second thought was expressed in a spirit of surrendering, God, I really only have one request. Id really like to take all that Ive learned with me to my next life. Please dont require me to learn everything all over again. Reincarnation is something that Im completely familiar and comfortable with.  The car began to flip over. I could hear the metal shearing and the glass shattering all around me. I felt the tumbling effect. I felt like I was inside a long tunnel like whirlpool. In the center of that incredibly fast spinning darkness I saw a bright white light, warm like the sun, very quiet and very serene.  Total silence.  I opened my eyes. Cool, I thought. I made it through this and Im not even hurt! No pain at all!  Then I tried to move. Not so much as a finger responded. I was lying face down, head in the back seat, my feet somewhere up around the area of the steering wheel. A thumb was pressing hard against my nose and lip. I could see that it appeared, by its relative positioning, to be the thumb from my left hand, but it was my right thumb. I could also see that my right arm bent in an awkward position under my throat. God, Im glad Im paralyzed because that would really hurt if I could feel it, I said to myself.  Totally paralyzed, I thought to myself. Quadriplegic. I will be a burden on everyone for the rest of my life.  I then concluded that because I was unable to feel any pain, that I probably had serious internal injuries as well. I would die here, but at least I would die without pain. I thanked Divine Spirit for that blessing.  I could literally feel myself, as Spirit, sinking slowly down and out of my body. It was a deeply sickening feeling. Then I heart a tapping sound. Are you all right? a womans trembling voice asked.  Im paralyzed. Call the police, call the ambulance. I said. At least I could talk, I thought to myself.  That started a flurry of activity. Over the next half hour, I heard sirens, people yelling and screaming, and the unmistakable sound of a helicopter. All the while I laid face down, head in the back seat, not moving. All the doors were jammed. The parameds were frantically trying to reach me and couldnt. They kept saying, Stay with us now, stay with us. They ended up cutting off the entire roof of the car and very carefully they lifted me out. I was placed on a stretcher, moved to level ground, and was immediately given an IV.  At least 5 or 6 medical personal surrounded me. The one directly above my face said to me, Mr., youre going to be all right. Then a womans voice said, Mr., have you made arrangements for organ transplants?  Yeah, I said. Its on my drivers license. I could see the guy directly above me stare down the lady who said it.  Then another voice spoke up. Mr, do you have a living will?  No, I said. I looked up at the guy above me and said, Im in it pretty deep, huh?  He smiled down at me and said Id be fine. Yeah, right, I thought to myself.  They strapped me in the lifeflight helicopter. Off I went to the Atlanta Medical Center Spinal Trauma Unit, the best such facility for hundreds of miles in all directions. Upon arriving I was placed in the operating room recovery room. Apparently there was more room there for all the medical personnel to gather round me.  After being taken for CAT Scans and an MRI I was returned to the recovery room. After the initial blur of activity, another seriously injured person was brought into the room. She was obviously near death. The doctors",,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
737,OBE,1552,9,,M,"The dream/experience seems to begin as usual but I started to notice things that I wouldnt normally catch my attention. The first item I recall was looking down at the cloverleaf intersection of the SR55 freeway (we called the Newport freeway even though its officially known as the Costa Mesa freeway) and Interstate 5. It was odd as it seemed as though it was daytime not nighttime. The next commented I made to myself was I could see the top of an apartment building nearby and the air conditioning units on the rooftop. Shortly after that point I felt or sensed something above me. A feeling of warm love and a golden light radiating from above but all around caught my attention. As it did, I slowly ascended towards this wonderful place above me but after a few moment I felt the presence of two beings. I dont seem to recall actually seeing anyone I just felt/knew they were there. There seemed to be something humorous or playful about them I want to say angels but it seems awkward to do so..... Anyway they told me I could not be there and that I had to go back, it was a little disappointing to hear but I didnt feel bad. I agreed after a bit and started to head down and when I felt there attention drift I turned back and headed towards the light. They quickly appeared or I felt them nearby and again they said I had to return. This time I, in the way of a child said, but its so wonderful I dont want too. At this, the beings, almost with a feeling of good humor and laughter said I had too! I played with them a bit trying to continue up but gave in and woke right up in bed. I knew instantly this wasnt just a dream....    ",,US citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",Some,Student,,single,widow,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
738,NDA,1227,5,,F,"I felt I was home, that the other place I was living was cold and harsh, I was shown a point in the future of total devastation and how I needed to be there to take care of the children. I remember seeing my friend who promised to be with me for a short time to see that I was safe.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Child,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
739,DEE,1213,69,,M,See item 25    ,,US citize,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,I am re,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
740,NDA,1446,52,,M,"When I left my body I yelled out that I was sorry if I had hurt anyone in anyway while I was visiting Earth...apparently I yelled it out with so much conviction and emotion that I startled everyone around me...and He happened to be standing right over there...and He came over to where I was to see what all the commotion was all about...I didnt know who He was but I jumped in front of Him and began running my mouth...saying that I had just gotten out of prison, had cancer and was getting a big government check every month and that Id never have to work again and that I wasnt ready to die...I wanted to go back and have some fun...I got them all laughing at me...I got Jesus laughing at me...it was then that He reached out and touched me and instantaneously healed me of my cancer and sent me back to my body....I was told that I would live for another 26 years...that no one in the medical community would be able to explain how it was that I was still living...    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,dail,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,convict,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
741,ME ,1096,61,,F,"Many people had been asked to send healing to aid my recovery. On this second night,following a total hysterectomy. I saw endless blue lights, in all sizes and shades, from pinpoint to large orbs, they came to me, mostly to area of operation. They followed medical staff in and out of the room, especially ones who seemed dedicated to their work. After injections, I saw a pinpoint of blue light at the site. This night I was in the most pain of my stay, despite maximum analgesics. Even so, I felt very peaceful and coped with the pain. The blue lights came to me all night, entering the room and coming towards me. My feeling was that I was actually seeing healing or the manifestation of healing as a real energy sent by thoughts of healing.    ",,UK    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,retired,,marri,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
742,NDE,1052,42,,F,"As I was holding my son I began praying (to a God that I hoped existed although I certainly was not sure actually did...too much scientist in me). As I held him and prayed I became keenly aware of this dark presence following quickly behind my son and me. This awareness was not in real time but still, an intense awareness of this strong force. I began having chills and intestinal disturbances and felt true terror. As I felt this force nearing both of us and about to encircle us. I was very aware that this force was actually the dark angel of death. My prayer changed from please God, allow my son to live to God, if you have to take him then he is your child not mine. And I am aware that I am your child as well and you will have to help me. At that precise moment I felt a shift in my sons breathing. In the upper left corner of the room I became aware of a brilliant and luminescent light. This light slowly grew and filled the upper quadrant of the darkened room. I honestly thought that I was having a stress induced migraine and was having an aura. However, when I turned my head the aura did not follow with my movements. The light remained in that left upper corner of the room. The brightness of it grew and grew and enlarged to where it filled the room. I tried to look at the light but it was too bright. The light was the most brilliant and beautiful light that I have even seen. I had never (and still have never) seen anything like it. It was more than light...like it had consistancy. And then this incredible awareness occurred and my thought was oh my God, its God. And in that moment I becamse aware that God was/is more real than anything else that I had ever seen or known. My perception of God changed in that instance from my being a skeptic to the assurance that God is a definite and known entity. It was as real as anything that I have ever seen. I felt bathed in this glow and felt warmed....held and loved. Im not sure how long this lasted but slowly the light rescended but the awareness did not. The feeling that I had was the peace that surpasses all understanding. I knew that my son was going to be fine. My chills disappeared and I felt no more worry or anxiety. The doctors continued to check on my son and finally an hour after the light appeared they came in and said we think that hes turned the corner. I felt like they sure got the news on a delayed schedule. For a long time I felt that I was having some stress response to my sons health crisis but the knowing has never receded. Ive ever since referred to this as my near death experience by proxy. My son improved and was released from the hospital several days later. That event still is vivid and real in my mind like it happened yesterday. The awareness and belief from that experience has continued on to this day.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Physica,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
743,ME ,1241,40,,M,"I dont remember precisely when it occured...whether it was a few hours later, or that night...but I felt an explosion of energy within my consciousness. The spaces between my thoughts, the stillness from which all thought arises, became alive as a vibrating, pulsating energy. I use the analogy of imagining that there was some kind of cosmic generator attached to me with a cord to the back of my head. This generator was directly attached to the very stuff of consciousness; to the energy which is present in the stillness which lies behind thoughts and emotions. And this generator was gradually turning up the juice; as much as I could handle. This energy was not experienced as a physical sensation (although there were some physical correlates to it). It was directly tied to my consciousness. At first it felt as though the energy w    ",,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",maste,Social,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
744,OBE,1223,52,,F,"I remember my breath ending, like a release, and I felt no fear. Then I was in the hands of God, which felt, as the best way to describe it, like being inside a golden flower, with an indescribable sense of love surrounding me and permeating me. I was just there, absorbing the energy and power and love. Then I remember floating and traveling above an earthlike scene, with a green field below and some mountains in the distance. To my right was the edge of a city with a rock wall of some kind. I dont remember much about the city, only that it was there and I was traveling toward it. After that I came back into my own body.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",maste,Owner/D,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
745,ME ,1231,2,,F,"First, you must understand that my memory is remarkable. Although not purely photographic, the depth and breadth of my abilities are pretty striking. I remember almost everything going back to this experience. Thats what makes it stick out so much to me. My human consciousness takes me back to this day and there is literally nothing in my memories before it. There is not trauma, no injury, no conceivable explanation for that absence. With that, the STE starts with me floating in the universe. Im very calm and have absolutely no concerns or preconceived notions about where Im going. All there is was the sudden realization that I exist. As I float, I can see earth getting closer. I start to fall through the atmosphere, the clouds, etc. but the experience is not frightening at all. I see things start to form on the ground, like roadways and towns. I see what would be my small town, circle terrace, the top of a bunch of houses, etc. as I continue my downward movement. Just as I get ready to hit the roof of our house, my eyes open in my bedroom. Thus begins my consciousness, my memories, and my life on this planet.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
746,DEE,1357,40,,M,"I was lying on my back with my hands folded across my chest praying to God. This was a regular practice for me prior to going to sleep. I was extremely upset and angry with my wife-cannot recall why. My eyes were closed and in my minds eye I saw the face of a bearded man appear and a white light flash over my body. It happened extremely quickly. The most absolutely miraculous thing happen to my body, my conscious self when the light washed over me-immediately I felt peace beyond peace words cannot describe how calm, peaceful, serene I felt. There was not an atom in my body or molecule that was not calm and serene. Again, words can not in any way describe how I felt. I rolled over and told my wife the most remarkable thing is just happened to me I explained how angry and upset I was I described to her the experience of what had just happened.    ",,American,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Financi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
747,DEE,1412,55,,M,See #43.    ,,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Visual,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
748,OBE,1249,18,,F,"I went in a long ways, trying to escape, and finally came out into a two dimensional dark place (blue-black) where small spherical (marble sized) beings of light moved about. I too was able to move and went in search of God. One of the lights came up to me and stopped me. It said, You are not expected yet. I seemed to hear those exact words and had a number of emotional impressions from it: disapproval, contempt, irritation. I gathered that my whole conception of God was all wrong, as was my unorthodox entry, and that I must return to where I had come from. I went back in and seemed to come into a switchboard kind of part of my brain where I tried to plug in during the course of a grand mal episode.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,youth
749,NDE,1344,23,,F,"After i was in the white space for what seemed a very long time i was suddenly sucked into a tunnel and the sides of it reminded me of the inside of an ocean wave. At the end of it there was an incredible bright light. I went to the light and i wanted to stay there. It was warm ,safe and nothing hurt.i never ever wanted to leave. Then i felt the voice say its not your time yet so i had to go crashing back.I was very sad to leave but my comforting thought was that at least i never ever have to doubt Gods presence because I know now he exists.    ",,Dual Citi,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,TA in g,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
750,NDE,1276,45,,M,"My first memories was a sense of unnatural sounds like the building itself was breathing or living somehow. I saw through the walls to a room that I knew was on another dimension or in a spiritual plane. In this room, men sat and leaned against the walls while they waited. I knew somehow that they were waiting to escort the dead to another place. I knew that I was close to death in this moment and that was the reason I could see them. I was not afraid. I just knew it.  My next memory was of a village setting that looked medieval or European. The streets were cobble stone and the buildings were stone as well. People walked in groups down the road. I think a better description would be that they wondered aimlessly. They looked straight ahead, slightly downward and seemed to be without hope. I had an overwhelming feeling of gloom in this place and I felt as though they were being punished or detained in some way.  The thing that was MOST striking about these visions was there absolute vividness. It was as though I was seeing them with the most high definition TV ever seen. I could not explain how powerful this sense of visual clarity was. It was as though it were more real than real life. Even though these people seemed as though they were not supposed to look at me, occasionally one would lock eyes with me for just a moment. They had such despair in their eyes that it saddened me to make eye contact.  Later I was in this same place in a large arena, though that is not really the right word. It was a place in a large building that had a circular path that came in one door and passed in front of what seemed to be stadium type seating.  I had a feeling that people were paraded through this place in the lines I had seen them walking in on the streets to possibly be judged or reviewed in some way. Again, the architecture was like nothing I have seen here in the states. It seemed very old and mostly made from stone.  My next and final memory was my defining moment where I was like a speck dust floating in a space that felt like a large room. I was exactly like those particles of dust that you see floating randomly in the open space of a room as the sunlight passes through a window. I was free, floating on an invisible river of air through this space, around a tree or plant, feeling sheer joy and amazement. I had no identity in these moments. I had no memory of anything personal or earthly. I only knew that I was truly at peace. I was one with the universe, completely accepted, and loved. I felt such joy in those brief moments that it makes my heart race even now as I recall it. As I passed through this space, I saw a very obvious ray of what I thought was sunshine coming downward from the right from no obvious window or light source. I didnt question anything, but I remember a sense of really hoping that I would drift through this light. As I did enter the light, I felt happiness like I have never known. I felt as though anything I had known before this moment was infantile and insignificant. I knew this was the presence of God, though I did not see a face. I dont even know that I had the ability to look at the source of the light. I just basked in its glory.  I saw flashes or arcs of light zipping above me. They looked like just that really, but I felt like they were something bigger than me, something more than I could even try to understand. Later, I remembered seeing a phenomenon called flying rods that I have seen myself in videos that I have where these things that are not visible to the naked eye show up on high speed video and they appear to swim through the sky with multiple wings on a straight translucent body.  I wonder if these could be what I saw in this place. As far as I know this phenomenon is not explained scientifically yet, but you can find hundreds or thousands of video accounts on youtube by searching for flying rods. I may be nothing, but then again...  I had a number of very substantial things that became known to me in this place. For one, the reason that everyone describes these visions as being so vivid is that we are not looking at them with our failing human eyes. We are seeing them in a supernatural state of being where our tired old eyeballs could not even begin to compare. Also, I became acutely aware that I am a being inside of a being. I felt that I am a spirit aside from the conscious brain thought, which I always thought was ME. Suddenly, I had all of these memories of things like driving on long trips when I am complete zoned out in deep thought, yet somehow my body is driving the car, slowing and speeding up in traffic, using turn signals, and yet I arrive 30 miles later not remembering the drive. It occurred to me that there is a watcher within us that is the true us who is ready to take the wheel at any moment if we zone out, so to s",,US Citize,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Compute,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
751,ADC,1191,35,,F,"I didnt observe anything. It was entirely spiritual. I felt a strong feeling of reassurance and love. I felt freed from fear of death, and fear of life.    ",,Citizen,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",some,Housewi,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
752,DEE,1086,30,,F,When I felt a hand on my shoulder I knew it was Jesus. All my pain when away. I said thank you and went right to sleep. It never seemed strange to me because I had seen Jesus before as a little girl. It just seemed normal.     ,,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,Mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
753,ADC,1438,24,,F,"My friends name was Jimmy and he had committed suicide days before. We met in what I can only describe as the most vibrant and alive meadow I have ever experienced.... I have never experienced such aliveness and vibrancy here on earth. It was just the two of us, but I gathered by some beautiful music/voices I could sense that we were not truly alone. I just remember feeling so happy and connected not only to him, but to everything around us. The flowers were buzzing with aliveness, the grass also and the sky just illuminated such a beautiful color of blue that felt alive in itself. He told me he wanted me to experience what he was getting to experience and to let me know he was happy and at peace and to please tell his parents about our visit and that he was happy and safe.     ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,small b,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
754,ADC,1365,36,,F,"I felt shocked that Mr. S. handed me the exact poem that my mother had read 7000 miles away just two hours before. I wanted to have a copy of the poem and asked my mother, forgetting to remind her to send it at end of conversation. I believed it was more than a coincidence, it was a message from my uncle, and that his consciousness in some way continued.    ",,Irish,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,undec,very st,"100,000+",colle,Adminis,,single,marri,Yes,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
755,OBE,1286,17,,M,"Regained awareness as two classmates were supporting me on their shoulders across the road that separated the school from the hospital. I was floating about 10 metres above my body, looking down at my friends and my body My pride hurt at being carried, I insisted I could walk perfectly well on my own and crossed the road on my own, before losing consciousness again I could see the roof tiles of the hospital from the angle that you would expect when at the same height as the roof, and the tops of my friends heads. The experience was ecstatic and there was a feeling of there being nothing to worry about and that I was loved unconditionally    ",,British,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",some,Student,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
756,ADC,1334,20,,F,"I went into my patients room to set her up to eat the noon time meal. She was quiet, awake but not quite there, still breathing. While I was turning her from one side to the next, she died when I moved to the other side of the bed I saw her spirit or ghost hovering at her bedside, the spirit looked down at her own body, looked at me, looked down at her body and then turned away and vanished.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Young m,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
757,ME ,1220,8,,F,"I stared into my own eyes in the mirror, asking, Who am I, really? After a few minutes of staring, a voice answered, I am the one who looks out from behind your eyes.    ",,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,n/a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
758,NDE,1065,42,,M,"From an account I wrote for my family and friends in 2001. The big event happened one night while we were visiting the Oregon Coast. We had not planned to spend the night- but did at the last minute. The only available motel was an older place with horrible soft, old mattresses. From what I can figure out- halfway through the night, while kind of curled up against the wall, I slipped off the mattress, and got wedged between the wall and the mattress. I then had an apnea attack- and the inability to move, or breath, sent me into some state of cardiac failure. This is all conjecture, and only supported by the mild abnormality in my EKG over the past years since. Whether I coded or not, is really not at the heart of the issue or my experience. There are tons of debates regarding what really happens when you die by both medical and theological theorists worldwide. I can only relate what I experienced.  I admit that even as I write, it sounds like science fiction- but I can assure you that it happened- and I believe it to be real in every sense.  Without trying to be overly dramatic, the next events were what I have found to be in subsequent studies, a classic Near Death Experience. I did not see myself in bed (many report floating over their bodies), as the room was too dark- but I was blasted through an amazing tunnel (plasma? lights? not sure) of brightness that brought me ever closer to an unbelievable bright light. In what seemed like minutes (regular time does not seem to apply)- I arrived in a place that was so overwhelmingly bright and swimming with fluid colors of the entire spectrum, that I did not at first realize that I was without my physical body. While I could see- or at least had a sense of the vision that I was seeing- I could not see my hands. It was about this time that my experience was significantly different than others I have read about.  I realized what was happening, and I was not happy about it. Almost immediately, I started screaming, in a voice that I could hear in my head- but could not physically perceive- No f***ing way! (except there are no asterisks in heaven) NO! I am not finished yet! I still have young children- I have not seen my life through yet! NO Damn It! I continued with a stream of verbal abuse of anyone that was listening\xe2\x80\xa6in very profane language, until I heard another voice say, OK\xe2\x80\xa6relax\xe2\x80\xa6its not your time.  I knew at that moment, two very clear truths to be real. First, I was not going to die yet (or stay dead if I was). Second, there was a God and an afterlife beyond our life on earth. Then things got strange, interesting and terrifying.  Unlike other NDE experiences I have read about, I did not see anyone, or feel the presence of Jesus, or Buddha, or Allah. Nor did I see a physical presence of any of my relatives that had passed before me- although I had a feeling that they were there with me.  What I did see was a much brighter place, perhaps 30-50- feet away (I had no real clear understanding of depth or ratio) that seemed almost to pull at my heart (if I had a heart) to come closer. I was awash with a complete feeling of peace, calm and contentment whenever I looked in the direction of this portal. And yet I knew, that moving into the portal would certainly mean that I would not be able to return to my life on earth.  Without speaking, and yet speaking and understanding what was spoken to me, a conversation ensued that changed my life.  You are troubled\xe2\x80\xa6 the voice said. Your need to know the truth about your life, is holding you back from living your life to the fullest.I agreed without speaking.  You must understand the gift to be able to enjoy and treasure the gift that you have been given, the voice said. At this time, while the voice was neither clearly male or female (I realize that does not make a lot of sense), I knew that the communication was coming from all that is\xe2\x80\xa6all that was\xe2\x80\xa6all that ever shall be. The voice was that of what I understood to be God. And yet- even then- while thinking this, it was evident that the entity knew what I was thinking- and chastised me for doubting, or trying to figure out its very existence.  In order to understand that which you feel you must understand to be happy, you must first know what you need to change in your life on earth, the voice said.  In an instant, I was seeing my life in review- first all of the wonderful feelings that had brought joy into my life. I saw all of the incredible events of my life when love, the most powerful positive force in existence, was most present in my life. Childhood memories, my first real loves, the births of my children, the first time I knew I loved my wife more than I loved myself- anything and everything associated with love in my life- flying past my eyes and filling my ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,littl,"100,000+",some,Owner o,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
759,ME ,1190,54,,F,I felt liquid fire at the top of my head which dripped all the way downward to my chest    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Adminis,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
760,SDE,1463,54,,F,"I was sitting there while she was sobbing and I was just thinking and seeing him spiritually, when I felt this over whelming calling of him to look at him, like a child learning to ride a bike for the first time, they are excited and are jumping up and down to get your attention. I looked because thought I should, and that is when it happened. I never saw him but followed where he wanted me to go. I never heard a word or saw any human or other form. He was beckoning me to follow and I was above beautiful pastures and then higher above a mountain with waterfalls, and it was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. I felt total joy, enthusiasm, peace, love, and I remember thinking, take me, I need this too, why cant I go too? The next thing I saw was the bluest most eternal sky ever and then there was a bright light and I could not go any further. When I was aware that I was back in the room, I was in shock from what had just happened, but the room was filled with a golden warm moving stream of light, that was fading. I started yelling to my friend who was sobbing in horrific grief, that he was in the light, cant you see the light? I got up and started shaking her violently and told her she had to remember this moment and what I was saying, that it was that important. The light kept swirling around us and dimming as it was leaving. I didnt want it to go, but it did.    ",,usa    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,custome,,divor,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
761,ADC,1226,40,,F,    ,,United St,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
762,ADC,1291,41,,F,"I sat up in bed and saw my father who was before me with his arms crossed on his chest. He didnt look old (he died at63) he didnt look young, is looked ageless..His skin had a very different glow that I cannot explain. It wasnt pink,it was a skin color Ive had never seen before. He seemed very peaceful and said to me  Dont worry about me, Ive never been happier and was gone. I felt this incredibly strong feeling that he was so calm, peaceful and fulfilled. Not his nature. I felt that he needed to comfort me and all these years later, I still see his face, and feel the comfort and peace. I think of that experience often when I pray because I know he came to me to assure me that he was with the Lord.Ive learned not to be afraid of death. My mother was a daily communicant but I never saw or dreamt of her. I was sure she would be with the Lord but not sure at all about my father.    ",,American,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Nationa,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
763,ME ,1360,48,,F,"The temple or church was really beautiful and complicated, it had curly cue tops, architecture like you might see in Burma or Thailand. The entire thing was made out of bone that had been polished. It was made from human bone! But for some reason this wasnt creepy at all. It was kind of like, the bones of the maryters or something? It was a way to honor them? Anyway, we were going in to check it out. I had a group of kids to watch, 4 or 5 of them. My daughter wasnt there as I remember, I think she had gone ahead. There were some boys who were slower and lagging from the general group so I stayed back with them to encourage them to keep going not to get so far behind. They moved along but something very strongly encouraged me to remain in that room for just a few minutes. We were in a small darker, cove like part of the Cathedral, there was an alter, seemed like lots of candles and gold and polished marble and polished bone inside the room. At the right to the altar where was an extremely intricately carved place, it was like the kind of carving you might see on an elephant tusk that the Chinese can do. But this was all people and scenes from the Bible. In the middle there was the nativity scene. Mary and joseph were there and baby jesus. I could see a teeny tiny well, with a pump. I stayed there waiting and then I heard a sound that was like a radio being dialed into tune, lots of static and voices. Finally one voice became clear. It was Marys! She had an accent! Like a very old one from a language that is not spoken anymore. But she spoke to me in English. She told me to pump some water from the well into this teeny tiny cup. So I did that, the cup was even smaller than a thimble. I wasnt sure what I supposed to do with it? Dip my fingers into it and make the sign of the cross like Holy Water? Or drink it? I didnt want to offend or do that wrong thing! She told me to drink it! But it understood immediately that it was to be just a small amount, I was not to drink the entire thing. This was for my own good, so that I would not become greedy. She said as I sipped some, This is soup. Nourishment for the world.    ",,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",maste,Childre,,marri,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
764,OBE,1338,23,,F,"What I learned was the day this happened to me was my fathers birthday he turned 50, he called me the day after and when I said what did you do on your birthday, he said he was away at his caravan, and he spent the whole day of his 50th sitting at the table in the caravan on his own.    ",,Australia,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,never,seldom,avera,none,"0 24,999",High,Bookkee,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
765,DEE,1189,59,,F,I felt safe and love. Heard nothing just time stood still. I had never seen the girl in my life and didnt know anyone in the area. It has been 5 1/2 years and God is good.    ,,American,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Employe,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
766,ME ,1067,33,,F,"I prayed for probably 3 4 months, as I continued to read the Course and do the workbook. Suddenly, literally out of the blue, one day I had an encounter with my boss where I felt blamed for something that wasnt my fault. He said something to me, and I responded in a really defensive way. The moment I spoke my response to him, I felt the left side of my scalp tingle. Not just a tiny tingle, but the ENTIRE left side of my scalp really tingled like the way you might imagine it feels when a cats hair stands on end. During this encounter with my boss, I was fully aware something strange had happened on my scalp...but I was too wrapped up in the defensive discussion to really pay that much attention to it. Later on the same day, I had a negative thought about something else, and this very strong tingle thing happened again. Very shortly, I realized what seemed to be happening was that my prayer had been answered...I was being shown without question, which of my thoughts had a negative component to them by having this very strong tingle each and every time I had one! This amazed me, and still does to this day. For the next several months, I got used to this feeling and played around with it. It happens without fail, when I have any thought that violates Gods (or our own) nature. If my thought is really big, the tingle is really big and covers the entire left side of my head. If my thought is smaller, a passing thing, the tingle will still be there...only reduced to a tiny tingle on mostly the top of the left side of my head. As I worked with this feeling, I learned very quickly how to avoid the types of thoughts that would make the tingle happen. At this time, I rarely have the tingle...ie: I have trained my thought process to be much more loving. The tingle is still there very strongly if I slip up, however. I can also make the tingle happen on purpose, simply by deliberately thinking about a very negative or hateful emotion. I thought this was interesting in that it is something I can do at will, as well as it being there to warn me off bad thoughts when I havent been trying.    ",,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",Some,bookkee,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
767,ME ,1312,17,,M,"I found the mix of the music and the painting realy amazing. Suddenly, I had a flash : all the universe unfold before my eyes, and it seemed as if i understood clearly and deeply all the meaning of life and the purpose of everything. I saw galaxies floating in the whole universe, travelled through lights of incedible intelligence, received answers to a lot of unasked questions, as if i entered a huge multidimensional universe. This epiphany last less than 5 minutes, but i stood hang up for a few month after then. It is still very clear in my mind, and was the start of a quest that is still going on.    ",,?    Q.,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
768,OBE,1186,48,,M,"There was a a beautiful room, open doorway, ochre walls, 2 black chairs,two large windows displaying a blue sky. A shelf with 7 potted Jade Plants... each pot had a face on it. under the shelf was a small sign reading: Mama Master. What was so beautiful was the feeling of this rooom... pure love... pure bliss...beyond description. Almost felt like a waiting room of some sort. I felt like i was in this room, viewing it and looking all around the space.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Graphic,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
769,NDA,1461,14,,F,"I had an experience of feeling like I was suspended in nothing-ness. I had noe desire or need to breath . My experience was of feeling extremely peaceful and happy. My awareness was of being in a place like the night sky. It was very dark but there were twinkling lights like stars. I could hear beautiful harp like music.There was a presence there I felt was God. I spoke to God but not in words, just thoughts.I had no concern for myself, I was perfectly ok but I distinctly remember saying, Please God dont do this to my mother. She wont cope. She has just lost her mother. I then remember being pulled out of the water.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,High sc,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
770,DEE,1353,19,,M,The voice belongs to the Holy Spirit of God. The 3 communications from the voice are parts of the one event of answering my question regarding my next move in promoting greater peace in our world.    ,,U.S.    Q,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,medical,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
771,ADC,1464,17,,F,"When we were ending I look outside the window, and there was a person looking at me from the square that was in front of the school, I remember that I have my hand in my chin, and I ask myself, is He looking at me?. then I see this person gives me a big smile, I didnt recognized him till that moment, it was my grandfather looking a lot younger with black and white hair, a jacket and jeans I only see in a photograph in which he was with my when I was a month old. Then I knew he has passed away. He have had Alzheimer for as long I remember, and that smile tells me that all was alright, He was finally at peace and free of that prision that have him bedridden for almost two years. I got out of classes and walk to me grandparents houses that was four bloks away, I found my mom in the way and tells me about my grandfather death, i just tell her I know.    ",,Citizen,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,High Sc,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
772,ADC,1087,34,,F,I woke up at 5:30 am. My grandmother was standing at the foot of my bed. She had a light within her as if to glow. She wore a nighty as I had recalled seeing her wear in the past. Her face looked as i had remembered her as a healthy older person but before her decline into dementia that eventually reduced her to the size of a child. She was smiling and did not say a word. I was crying but felt peaceful at the same time. This is the greatest gift my grandmother ever gave me. It comforted me then and does even moreso as my life experience continues. I only share with those who I sense will understand and may be open to it.    ,,Canadian/,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Project,,separ,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
773,ME ,1235,81,,F,    ,,Citizen,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
774,ME ,1482,39,,F,    ,,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Auditor,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
775,DEE,1295,5,,F,"I was about 5 years old. I was going through emotional trauma because my parents were divorcing and my beloved father had suddenly, without warning to me, and permanently left our home, leaving me to fend for myself with my withdrawn, unaffectionate mother and my older sister who hated me. One day I was leaving our 6th floor apartment to visit a friendly neighbor. I opened the front door but I stood on the threshold and couldnt go any further. I looked down the long dark hallway but I couldnt take a step off the threshold and out onto the hallway floor. Even though I walked down this dark hallway many, many times before, on that day I couldnt move. I was physically paralyzed. I tried to turn around to go back into my house but I just stood there unable to move. I couldnt move in any direction. My mind wanted to move but I couldnt get my body to move. Then a strange thing happened. I saw an ethereal mist surround me in the shape of a cocoon and it began to wrap itself around me, starting at my feet, going up and stopping at my neck. My whole body, including my arms, was wrapped in this mummy-like cocoon. It made me feel safe, protected and warm. It calmed me down. Then I got an idea how to break out of the paralysis. I suddenly put out my arms and began to twirl off the threshold. I twirled and twirled all the way down the long hallway. I remember my twirling became a habit because I was twirling in my home, in the hallways and in the streets. I thought I was dancing. I think that people thought I was dancing. I feel that Holy Spirit came to me on that day to protect me and to help me.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,I was a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
776,ME ,1301,40,,M,"March 1991 had a Thursday fall on the 21st and 28th, and the next Thursday was April 4th. The significance of these dates to me is that one of them was likely the day that I was invested with a powerful message in which the reign of God was revealed to me in no uncertain terms, within the fabric of a pointed admonition. The message came when I was awake. It came in the form of receiving the feelings of other people, to be exact, feeling the feelings of the hospital patients of the Lyons, NJ, VA Hospital. I had recently tried to volunteer at the Lyons VA, but had become discouraged after an incident in which I had been trapped outside in freezing weather with a nursing home patient who could not make it up the stairs to enter the VA clinic I was taking him to. The nursing home was a separate building from the main ring comprising the hospital, and buses shuttled the patients between them. When this patient could not get up the stairs I sat him on a bench outside, went inside, and called security because it was 22 degrees and blowing. The security guys tried very hard to find fault with my actions. I resented the accusations, and frankly, was not thrilled with my job, which essentially duplicated the \xe2\x80\x9cred shirts\xe2\x80\x9d job as a helper for the nurses. I wanted more patient interaction. I decided to stop volunteering. I was in alone that morning in my hot tub not far from the hospital, in Basking Ridge, NJ. It was probably a Thursday because I generally took Thursday off work, even back then. I remember having a sudden fleeting thought that it was a shame how the VA volunteer attempt had turned out. It was sort of a \xe2\x80\x9cno good deed goes unpunished\xe2\x80\x9d thought. I felt what people describe as the \xe2\x80\x9cdoor open\xe2\x80\x9d in my consciousness, in my head. I can only describe it as an odd sensation. And then poured forth into my consciousness were the feelings of all the patients in the hospital, at that time probably 800 souls. The feelings were anger, helplessness, desperation, fear, and loneliness, and probably more, but these were feelings showing the needs of the people who had them. They hit me like a ton of bricks. I was stunned. I have never felt anything so intensely before or since. The feelings lasted only a few seconds, I think, not long at any rate, and were gone. This experience, this message, which had many aspects, was beautiful, was efficient, and was obviously purposeful. I knew instantly what the feelings were, whose, and who had sent them. They were meant to tell me I had made a mistake. They were meant to tell me to go back and try again. They were meant to tell me that God loves those patients, and that He loves me. It was adapted to and respectful of my situation, which is that I am in an interfaith marriage with a non-Christian. It showed me that God lives outside of time and space as we know it, which explains a lot. In short, it was the greatest gift I have received from God, with the possible exception of my wife, whom I suspect was steered to me by Him. I was quickly able to deduce that if God loves me, no one particularly special or virtuous, He certainly must love everyone in the same way, just as we had been told from childhood. I was always a believer in God, but as a young man had found God inconvenient for a while, and I had come back to the church 15 years earlier in another episode which I suspected was a spiritual intervention. But, while I could swear with 100% certainty that I believe it was a spiritual experience, it was one you can think of as \xe2\x80\x9csoft\xe2\x80\x9d, a compulsion to seek out a priest immediately, while this was a \xe2\x80\x9chard\xe2\x80\x9d one. There was no mistaking this message from God. I practically stopped breathing. It was a 20,000 volt shock, like grabbing a spark plug wire, and just as unmistakable. So what was the outcome? Well, I found another way to volunteer at the VA, one where I was more in contact with the patients. First I read to a group of nursing home patients for about 10 years, and then I began to do bedside visits. In a couple of years I began to find this very difficult as my patients began to die, and I fled by moving to another town and becoming a literacy volunteer. The hot tub message is the defining moment of my life, and I was not told not to talk about it. But speaking has its costs as well, one of which is that it seems to have so little effect on people, while it has revealed the Lord to me. Still, it did not make me into a saint, and I found I still struggle with the same failings that I had before. But it is a great blessing, surpassed only by those experiences in which people have felt the great unconditional love of the Lord for each of us.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,enginee,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
777,ME ,1083,23,,M,What I saw was factual pictures of the people I resented. It let me know that I did not know how to live. It broke thru the denial that I was fine. It opened my up to ask for help.    ,,U.S. Citi,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Enliste,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
778,NDE,1491,38,,M,"My best memory is first being in a very dark place as if I was flying down it was very scary and then I heard a very dark un recognizable voice that introduced himself as Lucifer. I was being told all the bad things about hell and I became very stressed and scared when all of a sudden a brigh light appeared along with the most angelic voice I had ever heard I cant explain how comforting the voice was and it spoke to me saying  dont worry you have an angel,at your side I never saw images of either lucifer or the angel just very distinct voices. I felt this unbelievable calmness after this beautiful voice spoke to me I felt in a very timeless place where physical beings were not present I just felt this unconditional love around me. When I awoke from my coma the first thing I said when I could speak was God is a woman I told this to my wife. I then asked her wht happened to me as I could not remember at first why I was in the hospital, the doctors told me I was dreaming and the drugs could cause thse kinds of things but never in my life had I used the word Lucifer or heard such an angelic voice. Ive kept quit about my experience except to my direct family until my wife bought me the proof off heaven book    ",,Current c,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,avera,avera,"100,000+",Did not,Self em,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
779,OBE,1465,6,,F,Other than remembering what I did to remove myself and the fact that I would do this and that it was fun I dont remember too much else.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",maste,child,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
780,ME ,1166,28,,F,"I started to giggle at the ridiculousness of feeling alone. I was part of something so much larger. Not a major part, but like one of the atoms that make up everything. It made my smile to feel so much a part of everything.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,I had b,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
781,DEE,1557,45,,F,See question 8 answer.    ,,U.S.    Q,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Co-owne,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
782,OBE,1200,4,,F,"As the abuse was happening, I recall feeling like I couldnt move and as I looked up into the corner of the room, above the television, I saw myself floating there looking down at myself. The floating version of me seemed ethereal and I recall not seeing an entire body. Then I can hear the television and it felt like I was going back and forth between the floating me and the me on the sofa. I dont recall how long this lasted, and I dont recall anything afterwards.    ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,None,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
783,ADC,1434,45,,F,"Wish you were here. (a poem) You would love this place Dad, this forest mountain trail meandering past turquoise glacier lakes, cutting across a steep treeless loose-gravel scree. The path turns to switchback up a bare-dirt shoulder smoothed by winter\xe2\x80\x99s snow melting. At the crest, suddenly the view opens up expansive, to all horizons like the Swiss Alps. The whole Cascade range is carved at my feet: vivid green chasms, peaks painted white, no hint of civilization.  A pure sky of small cotton ball clouds streams from the horizon directly toward me, and I have to brace against this wild steady wind that spurs an endless herd of white stallions. Suddenly close and larger when leaping over this ridge, they tuck their legs at the last minute, skirting these wind-braced gnarled trees and my hand stretching up.  I used to tag along on your weekend hikes to places like this, your sanctuary. Me scurrying behind with little legs, trying to keep up with your tall, long easy strides. Death is the mystery, but I can sense you here now, Dad, in the mountains. Forgiveness allows my heart to expand; love created this place and is greater than space and time.  But I don\xe2\x80\x99t hike like you did, I mountain bike. I pick up my machine here to ride back down, put on a helmet and earbuds for my Ipod. Swooping down the trail weaving through banked turns, speed and reactions are too quick for thought: rocks, a few feet of air. Me and two wheels quietly carve turns around huge ancient cedars skyscraper tall, their wizened moss-bearded branches sleepily brush puffy mist above. A postcard-intense azure sky between their reddish-brown trunks. A rush flying weightless through adrenaline-fueled bliss, this is my cathedral.  As I ride, a favorite song by Incubus always makes me think of you. It has become my prayer, telling you I am ok now.   I dig my toes into the sand,   the ocean looks like a thousand diamonds strewn across a blue blanket   I lean against the wind   Pretend that I am weightless   And in this moment I am happy.   I Wish You Were Here\xe2\x80\xa6.     I lay my head onto the sand.   The sky resembles a backlit canopy with holes punched in it.   Im counting ufos.   I signal them with my lighter   and in this moment i am happy,  I had a rare chance to visit your grave, passing through on my motorcycle. So many years ago this dot on a map, a hiccup in a straight flat line, was the stifling world I escaped at eighteen. Now its just a hot, dusty-small, freeway town. Surreally, everyone is a stranger. An earlier self\xe2\x80\x99s memories are just a story, gratefully too distant for emotions. The gravel road turns behind juvenile hall where I waited for my new foster mom after you died. The tiny catholic cemetery holds a few hundred family histories, a white, white statue, larger than life, divides two centuries. Mary, weeping, holds tortured Jesus in her lap. I know, neither one of us is Catholic, but mom was. I park the motorcycle. One key with one fob, a little silver disc etched with three lines one side, three broken lines the other; I-Ching symbols for Heaven and Earth.  Two unkempt, neglected yellow rose bushes grown mis-matched almost cover your name, so I trim a few branches. Ive never believed a spirit is buried, you are not here. But this is the last place on earth our paths intersected, so where else to go? No dates on the stone, I am sorry. I was too young to remember when the funeral home asked. But I am ok now.  You would be so proud of your beautiful granddaughters. The best of all of us, together.  You would like my husband, my soulmate. With him I\xe2\x80\x99ve surfed tropical waters with whales and turtles, biked Canadian passes, found love. Your spirit doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have to carry the burden of our grief anymore. I am no longer in a place of confused tears. Not even here. This sunny day.  Birds practice their songs above me, sitting back on an old tree; leaves quietly stirring sunbeams. I\xe2\x80\x99ve always liked the Hispanic graves, decorated like a party. A family has recently left, spending a few happy hours with a beloved. Shiny balloons gently sway in the breeze.  Its a relief to share the peace we both so desperately needed so long ago. Then thoughts of the remaining day start to impede. A grocery list of errands, people to visit, hours on a clock, all interrupt me to leave. From the cool mowed grass I pick up my smartphone filled with facebook and emails, then in my hand the phone plays Wish You Were Here.  Dad. Are you telling me youre ok now too? I put the phone down to be here, a little while longer.  Love is greater than space and time.     ",,born citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,By the,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
784,ME ,1475,41,,F,"I left the group and went out of the room and stood outside. I looked at my hands and expected to see them glowing for the electricity I had felt during the ritual. However I was surprised that they were not glowing. Within the next second I knew that everything I looked at, the trees, the leaves, the stars the wooden platform I stood upon, everything WAS ME. I was everything around me I was part of it all, all of creation was also me. It lasted just several seconds and then it was over. However it has never left me. I know now that I am and always have been part of all creation and everything is actually ONE THING.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Worked,,marri,separ,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
785,SDE,1400,63,,F,"At about 0330, I dreamed I was in his ICU room just as it was, and he suddenly sat up in bed. I ran to the bedside fearing that he would dislodge tubes, when the patient stated  Dont worry about me. Ill be OK. I woke up and had this overwhelming feeling that he would survive this illness. The next day, I got report from the night nurse and discovered that he was out of the unstable cardiac rhythm. He had converted out of it at about 0330. After his rhythm stablized, his blood pressure continued to improve as did his other symptoms of septic shock.    ",,US citize,"50,000",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,very st,"50,000 99",some,registe,,divor,divor,No,moderately str,All pleasant,senior
786,DEE,1251,40,,F,"My experience happened approximately 2 weeks after Sept 11, 2001. I had been meditating in bed and felt myself drift off. My now ex-husband was sleeping next to me. Suddenly there was a bright light surrounding me. I could not see anything but gold light. The brightness of the light began to dim so I could open my eyes. When I did, there was a beautiful Michael Angelo angel with me. It was very large, probably a good 7 feet with huge wings and a face that was so serene. It was the most beautiful face Ive seen. And filled with such kindness. I felt like I was in a huge warm wave because the vibration surrounding me was like being rocked by a gentle tide while lying in a boat. It was beyond comforting. The angle knew that I was very upset about the direction of humanity after 911 and told me, not with spoken words, but with telepathic words, that everything would be ok and that I needed to keep reminding people what brought us to that point. I needed to speak of bring love and not focus on hate or enemies. The angel told me it knew I felt very alone but to remember that I was not and that I should keep putting out the message of love. It touched my face and then it slowly vanished. I was sitting up in my bed and tears were streaming down my face and I cant even describe how I felt because there are no words...but I was the most comforted I had ever been in my life and felt like I belonged to God and the universe.    ",,Legal Cit,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,RN/mass,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
787,ADC,1304,56,,F,"I saw my father as I had last saw him when he was feeling well before he had cancer. I felt overjoyed to see him and began to run toward him to hug him. He smiled at me with understanding and compassion. He did not visibly speak, but I could hear him speaking to me. He told me I could not hug him yet, but he wanted to let me know he understood and I was forgiven. (I had been feeling guilty for a long time that I had not spoken with him honestly about his illness and impending death because we had always been very close.).    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Medical,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
788,ME ,1482,39,,F,    ,,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Auditor,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
789,DEE,1317,54,,F,"Please see number 43 above. TO add to number 43 above: I heard nothing, but sometimes my dogs would perk up their ears at something.  I have learned that my husband in a different form, and his spiritual helpers, have been present with me during certain times when I have really needed his and their presence. I have learned through his presence through these forms of light that there is a wider realm of undying consciousness that is very beautiful and peaceful and full of love and light. I have asked, intended, that he include me in as much of this learning as possible so that I can better understand life on the other side of the veil, and so that I can be a better human being and can spread more love to the world. I have also learned that despite the horrendous pain and suffering he endured as a result of his cycling accident- he was alive for 13 days on all kinds of life support and conscious for much of this time, and paralyzed and unable to speak to me due to the intubation or trach tube- he is in a better place now and not suffering anymore, and yet he isnt really gone at all.    ",,I am a ci,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Ph.D,Univers,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
790,NDA,1474,34,,F,"As many people describe accidents, everything seemed to go in slow motion, and I watched. I found that instead of fear, I became very, very calm. I felt that I had no control over what was about to occur, and that was OK. I knew the severity of the situation would surely lead to my death. The feeling is indescribeable really. My past did not flash before me, instead, the only thing that came to me, other than the complete peace and acceptance, was the recurring thought that if I died that day, I would not be able to bring my daughter into the world. I was not pregnant at the time, nor trying to get pregnant. The only thing that mattered though was telling my husband that I loved him and that if I died, I would not be able to have my daughter. I was no longer fearful of death.    ",,USA citiz,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Lab wor,,marri,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
791,ME ,1243,34,,F,see attached document    ,,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,freelan,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
792,ME ,1077,21,,M,I learned that saying prayers and intoning the sound om would switch on the sensation of non physical energetic radiation.    ,,Uk    Q.,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Buddhist,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Maths t,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
793,ADC,1547,31,,M,All described in detail above in #43.    ,,Canadian,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",colle,Jazz pi,,marri,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
794,DEE,1375,12,,F,    ,,USA    Q.,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,I was a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
795,ADC,1131,47,,F,"As above, in 43, I told my beloved pet I loved him and missed him, looking at his box of ashes I had received two hours earlier, lying on the floor at his favorit espot. I saw a gold light rise from his box of ashes. I said outloud what the hell! I called my husband and my sister and my sister-in-law and I asked Do you want to hear about my miracle. It affected me immediately. I knew immediately that there is much more to life than we think. I felt compelled to go the Barnes and Nobles the next day and purchase books. I ended up in the New Age section of Barnes and Nobles, which I had never done before. I bought about four or five books on after death contact with beloved pets. Some books had only one story, such as James Van Praaghs book Talking to Heaven. I bought Melvin Morse book and Raymond Moody books. I was compelled to visit web sites on the Internet, Guggenheims adc project web site, Jeff Longs NDE and after-death web site. I very proudly shared my story with anyone who would listen, wanting them to know their loved ones are okay and they will see them again some day.    ",,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Self-em,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
796,OBE,1444,25,,F,I dont recall any of it...is was though i was in a trance...my spirit was being shared...what i do know for sure is that i have been chosen and have many life experiences to support that...i know the world we struggle to accept.    ,,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Pre-Med,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
797,NDE,1447,15,,F,"When I was 15 years old, I woke up during the night unable to move my jaw bone. My teeth were clenched and my jaw felt locked. I tried to open my mouth but couldnt. Ive always been calm in a crises so I took a few deep breaths to try and relax, hoping that would release my jaw but it didnt work. I remember saying to myself Ill just go back to sleep and itll be all right in the morning. I fell asleep and saw I was in a tunnel which was lit up. I saw ghostly figures at the end of the tunnel beckoning me forward. Just as I got to the end of the tunnel, it began to recede and I was being drawn back to my bed. This upset me and I fought to get to the light but I couldnt. As I left, one of the ghostly figures told me that if I left I couldnt come back, that this was my only chance to go there. When I woke up, the whole experience felt like a dream, including not being able to move my jaw. I soon forgot about it. Years later when I was in my late thirties, I experienced double vision and went for an MRI. The consultant said I was fine, no problems, but that Id had a mini stroke when I was a teenager. It was then I remembered my experience. I told the consultant what had happened to me at the age of 15, (leaving out the spiritual bit) and he said that it definitely sounded like a mini stroke. Was this a near death experience and was it my only chance? Im quite worried! I would appreciate any insights. Thank you.    ",,Irish cit,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,week,moder,avera,"25,000 49",Junio,n/a. I,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,youth
798,ADC,1053,38,,F,"I observed a small native man in his 40s, short hair in a dark blue sleeping bag in my kitchen. I heard my uncle Buds voice and began to fly upwards to the ceiling I felt that if I wanted to, I could go with him, but I didnt know where we were going.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,worked,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
799,ME ,1451,24,,M,"Detail may take a bit more space than there is here, but I will attempt. Briefly, very tired, I fell into a deep sleep. In what seemed like the beginning of a dream sequence, I found myself on the second floor of a mansion in town that I was quite personally familiar with. From a spot in the hall, I noticed flashing lights coming from the hallway of the west wing. Irritated and needing to investigate I went in their direction. Where the halls joined at a right angle, still more lights and, of all people, my great aunt staring into the lights at the end of the hall. Very agitated at this occurence, not knowing if it was fire, or some other upset that required my attention, I began a trot in its direction. At that point I recall (kind of like Santas reindeer!) a lifting of my feet and legs and up I went. In very short order all went dark, all fell away (my body, place, circumstances)and the essential me of me was involved in an ascent...until coming to said portal mentioned earlier in which all I can recall were cloudlike formations over a cauldronlike (and that word is not to have any negative connotation) basis...with what was bubbling up from the cauldron mixing in with the clouds above it and this was perfection and creation in action. My KNOWING at that time was that I was in everything, everything was in me, and that everything was in a perfect balance. The other notion I had was that the energy was so powerful that if it were withdrawn everything would collapse, but that that would not happen...furthermore, the word calibrated came to mind. As in, everything was perfectly calibrated to hold only its allotment of that energy, and that one-zillionth more of it and a body would burst into bits. At the portals edge, even though I had no body or even much in the way of caring about what had happened to it, I do recall my hands grabbing the portals edge and I kind of docked there and went no further...only witnessed the roiling of the generator of all that is, was and would be (as described before.) At about the point of docking and peering in, I was conscious, alert, awake and aware, and said to myself: OMG, Im dying! and then something to the effect of I didnt want to do that. (That would be the distressing part and I almost clicked another choice for 42.) As soon as I said that the experience of coming down began, the up there having been short-circuited by my ambivalence or fear...even as I quick-changed my mind and said, No, NO! (leave me up here for a while longer.) The coming down was not so memorable in and of itself. What there is to know is that I did then and still do sleep on my back...and I felt as if my feet were the first to gain life back and then the descent of the rest back down as if my astral back to stomach and like that. As my arms were folded across my chest, they were the last to come to and I recall being conscious of that happening. Upon full re-entry I was quite astonished at the whole thing and lept out of bed as if every cell was on fire and said Holy S**t, Theres nothing I cant do! Later on I went at myself over that notion-thinking that it was a bit egocentric, but I digress. I further recall that everything in the room had a bit of a glow to it, and so probably did I. I also remember being fascinated at a pencil in my room. Its interiority struck me as magnificent...and to think that none of it (me, my body, material circumstances) had mattered or even existed just moments before was quite startling.     ",,full citi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,I was i,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
800,ME ,1512,42,,F,I was feeling overwhelmed with grief and confusion and I said out loud give me a signI kept shouting WHY WHY! And as I started my engine a car pulled up next to me in the empty parking lot. It was a deacon. I jumped out and hugged him tightly and wept as he let me grieve. He was there to get ready for a baptism.I felt very comforted and loved.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Adminis,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
801,ME ,1432,40,,M,Because I have written extensively about my experience I have chosen to wait until I can attach a pdf document.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Psychot,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
802,ADC,1185,45,,F,"To continue, after I went back to sleep, I had a dream which I consider an after death communication as it was very powerful to me anyway. In my dream, the brother of my loved one who died in May 2012 came to me in my dream. The brother of my loved one is also deceased and he died in 2003. In the dream it was just my loved ones brother and me. In the dream, I asked him, Wheres Bob? The brother said, What you want is overwhelming for him. We just looked at each other for a moment after that. In the dream, I felt a little confused. But I reached to hug my loved ones brother and said, Hugging you is like hugging Bob. Then we hugged and after that he dissapeared and the dream was over.  After I woke up, I remembered the dream very clearly. But, just like I was confused in the dream, I was confused when I first woke up. I thought to myself, What does he mean that what I want is overwhelming for Bob? Then I remembered that I had asked for the sign in the form of a particular song. I was stunned.  It was like my loved one sent his brother to tell me he couldnt give me that particular sign because it was too overwhelming. And to this day, though I have received many signs from my loved one, I never have heard this song playing anywhere! I guess it really is overwhelming! Anyway, it was so amazing to get that kind of answer so quickly. I truly feel I was having 2 way communication with the spirit of my loved ones brother.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Researc,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
803,ADC,1537,48,,F,    ,,Dual citi,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,School,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
804,ADC,1226,40,,F,    ,,United St,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
805,ME ,1301,40,,M,"March 1991 had a Thursday fall on the 21st and 28th, and the next Thursday was April 4th. The significance of these dates to me is that one of them was likely the day that I was invested with a powerful message in which the reign of God was revealed to me in no uncertain terms, within the fabric of a pointed admonition. The message came when I was awake. It came in the form of receiving the feelings of other people, to be exact, feeling the feelings of the hospital patients of the Lyons, NJ, VA Hospital. I had recently tried to volunteer at the Lyons VA, but had become discouraged after an incident in which I had been trapped outside in freezing weather with a nursing home patient who could not make it up the stairs to enter the VA clinic I was taking him to. The nursing home was a separate building from the main ring comprising the hospital, and buses shuttled the patients between them. When this patient could not get up the stairs I sat him on a bench outside, went inside, and called security because it was 22 degrees and blowing. The security guys tried very hard to find fault with my actions. I resented the accusations, and frankly, was not thrilled with my job, which essentially duplicated the \xe2\x80\x9cred shirts\xe2\x80\x9d job as a helper for the nurses. I wanted more patient interaction. I decided to stop volunteering. I was in alone that morning in my hot tub not far from the hospital, in Basking Ridge, NJ. It was probably a Thursday because I generally took Thursday off work, even back then. I remember having a sudden fleeting thought that it was a shame how the VA volunteer attempt had turned out. It was sort of a \xe2\x80\x9cno good deed goes unpunished\xe2\x80\x9d thought. I felt what people describe as the \xe2\x80\x9cdoor open\xe2\x80\x9d in my consciousness, in my head. I can only describe it as an odd sensation. And then poured forth into my consciousness were the feelings of all the patients in the hospital, at that time probably 800 souls. The feelings were anger, helplessness, desperation, fear, and loneliness, and probably more, but these were feelings showing the needs of the people who had them. They hit me like a ton of bricks. I was stunned. I have never felt anything so intensely before or since. The feelings lasted only a few seconds, I think, not long at any rate, and were gone. This experience, this message, which had many aspects, was beautiful, was efficient, and was obviously purposeful. I knew instantly what the feelings were, whose, and who had sent them. They were meant to tell me I had made a mistake. They were meant to tell me to go back and try again. They were meant to tell me that God loves those patients, and that He loves me. It was adapted to and respectful of my situation, which is that I am in an interfaith marriage with a non-Christian. It showed me that God lives outside of time and space as we know it, which explains a lot. In short, it was the greatest gift I have received from God, with the possible exception of my wife, whom I suspect was steered to me by Him. I was quickly able to deduce that if God loves me, no one particularly special or virtuous, He certainly must love everyone in the same way, just as we had been told from childhood. I was always a believer in God, but as a young man had found God inconvenient for a while, and I had come back to the church 15 years earlier in another episode which I suspected was a spiritual intervention. But, while I could swear with 100% certainty that I believe it was a spiritual experience, it was one you can think of as \xe2\x80\x9csoft\xe2\x80\x9d, a compulsion to seek out a priest immediately, while this was a \xe2\x80\x9chard\xe2\x80\x9d one. There was no mistaking this message from God. I practically stopped breathing. It was a 20,000 volt shock, like grabbing a spark plug wire, and just as unmistakable. So what was the outcome? Well, I found another way to volunteer at the VA, one where I was more in contact with the patients. First I read to a group of nursing home patients for about 10 years, and then I began to do bedside visits. In a couple of years I began to find this very difficult as my patients began to die, and I fled by moving to another town and becoming a literacy volunteer. The hot tub message is the defining moment of my life, and I was not told not to talk about it. But speaking has its costs as well, one of which is that it seems to have so little effect on people, while it has revealed the Lord to me. Still, it did not make me into a saint, and I found I still struggle with the same failings that I had before. But it is a great blessing, surpassed only by those experiences in which people have felt the great unconditional love of the Lord for each of us.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,enginee,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
806,ADC,1206,89,,F,Both myself and sister were in awe and knew it was moms way of telling us she was there with us. We were very close to mom and were devastated by her passing.    ,,Canadian,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
807,OBE,1123,19,,M,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
808,NDE,1192,10,,F,"Coolness. Being wrapped up in peace. Movement forward. Again, no voice, but a sound. I can still hear it. A whooshing of sorts. it was so comforting. Amazing.    ",,Citizen U,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Child,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
809,DEE,1202,29,,F,"During the waiting period, I decided to speak to the Mother aspect of the Goddess. I was going to be 30 in about 5 months and was wondering about my lifes direction. When it came time for me, I was escorted down the lit path to the lower circle by an attendant; they helped people up and down the path for safety reasons. He asked me which aspect I had chosen and I told him. We walked over to where that Priestess was working. She had someone there and I was told to wait. She would tell me to come over to her when she was ready. She raised her hand and waved me over. I knelt at her feet. I felt an amazing amount of energy around me, it was actually quite warm. I was wearing a cloak but had to remove it. I didnt look at her face. A voice spoke and asked me what I wished to know. Her voice was clear, calm, and so beautiful. I asked for clarity in the coming years. If there was anything I needed to know or was missing. I could feel her smile. I had my eyes closed. The next thing I felt was her hand on my forehead. An amazing amount of energy surged through me and I felt like I had been drenched in love energy. I began to cry. I never felt so accepted, understood, and knew that no matter what I did or choices I made, I was loved and would always be her daughter. I wept. Such unconditional love completely overwhelmed me. Once we finished, the attendant came to help me up and I continued to cry all the way back up the path. He held me and we walked to the upper fire where a chair was waiting. He sat me down and got me some apple juice to drink. He told me to wait there until I could walk back to my camp unaided. Once I got back to camp, I kept crying for several hours. I felt like I was purging all the negative beliefs about who I was.      ",,US citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Operati,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
810,OBE,1443,25,,F,"When I was in my 20s, I had a number of out of body experiences where I would find myself in a different location than my body. (was not on drugs or attempting OBE, did not know much about it and still dont) What was significant to me was the experience of seeing without eyes and hearing without ears. That is the best way I could describe it. Experience was hyper real Was able to confirm once with a sister-in-law, that while my body was not present, I was with her and accurately observing her. Leaving an OBE felt like my body fit like a glove that was too tight. Was no emotional physical trauma going on at the time. Have not had these experiences since then. Of note, I have always been a lucid dreamer am aware I am dreaming while I am asleep and can consciously influence what is going on in dreams I enjoy flying, changing locations with a thought and walking through walls. Also of note have always felt unconditionally loved its just kind of who I am. Feels like something I carry with me no matter the circumstances.    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,nurse,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
811,ME ,1311,61,,F,"In September 2006, Hank showed me a story and picture in our local New York newspaper, The Journal News, of the current Pope Benedict making a personal, nonofficial, visit to see the Veil of Veronica in Italy. Yes, the cloth that Jesus used to wipe his face and miraculously imprint his face on during the walk to his death is actually framed and protected by the Capuchin Monastery in Manoppello, Italy today. The Popes visit took place on September 1, 2006, the 500th Anniversary of the cloth being in this monastery. I was immediately drawn to this story. After reading and researching it in Wikipedia, an official Catholic newspaper, etc., I had a Knowing that this picture was truly Jesuss face. I have His face all over my home, in my car, in my wallet and I give out this picture to whoever wants it. You can see Jesuss face for yourself. Ive uploaded a picture of who I believe is Jesus. You can also see his face and the story in a Google search of: Holy Face of Manoppello. Youll see a close-up, brass-colored picture of a mans face with bruises on it and his nose looks broken. His mouth is slightly open, revealing his teeth. Six years later, I still believe 100% that this is the face of Jesus.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
812,ME ,1558,49,,F,In the video we observed a light blue round object (Orb) fly in at a fast speed and bounce around as it watched the balloons fly away in the far.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,Medical,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
813,SDE,1309,48,,F,"My mother seemed to be vacillating between this world and the next. She had facial expressions of surprise, distress, amazement, peace. She spoke of seeing angels, hearing beautiful music, and that people were there with her that had died before her.    ",,Citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Part ti,,single,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
814,ME ,1301,40,,M,"March 1991 had a Thursday fall on the 21st and 28th, and the next Thursday was April 4th. The significance of these dates to me is that one of them was likely the day that I was invested with a powerful message in which the reign of God was revealed to me in no uncertain terms, within the fabric of a pointed admonition. The message came when I was awake. It came in the form of receiving the feelings of other people, to be exact, feeling the feelings of the hospital patients of the Lyons, NJ, VA Hospital. I had recently tried to volunteer at the Lyons VA, but had become discouraged after an incident in which I had been trapped outside in freezing weather with a nursing home patient who could not make it up the stairs to enter the VA clinic I was taking him to. The nursing home was a separate building from the main ring comprising the hospital, and buses shuttled the patients between them. When this patient could not get up the stairs I sat him on a bench outside, went inside, and called security because it was 22 degrees and blowing. The security guys tried very hard to find fault with my actions. I resented the accusations, and frankly, was not thrilled with my job, which essentially duplicated the \xe2\x80\x9cred shirts\xe2\x80\x9d job as a helper for the nurses. I wanted more patient interaction. I decided to stop volunteering. I was in alone that morning in my hot tub not far from the hospital, in Basking Ridge, NJ. It was probably a Thursday because I generally took Thursday off work, even back then. I remember having a sudden fleeting thought that it was a shame how the VA volunteer attempt had turned out. It was sort of a \xe2\x80\x9cno good deed goes unpunished\xe2\x80\x9d thought. I felt what people describe as the \xe2\x80\x9cdoor open\xe2\x80\x9d in my consciousness, in my head. I can only describe it as an odd sensation. And then poured forth into my consciousness were the feelings of all the patients in the hospital, at that time probably 800 souls. The feelings were anger, helplessness, desperation, fear, and loneliness, and probably more, but these were feelings showing the needs of the people who had them. They hit me like a ton of bricks. I was stunned. I have never felt anything so intensely before or since. The feelings lasted only a few seconds, I think, not long at any rate, and were gone. This experience, this message, which had many aspects, was beautiful, was efficient, and was obviously purposeful. I knew instantly what the feelings were, whose, and who had sent them. They were meant to tell me I had made a mistake. They were meant to tell me to go back and try again. They were meant to tell me that God loves those patients, and that He loves me. It was adapted to and respectful of my situation, which is that I am in an interfaith marriage with a non-Christian. It showed me that God lives outside of time and space as we know it, which explains a lot. In short, it was the greatest gift I have received from God, with the possible exception of my wife, whom I suspect was steered to me by Him. I was quickly able to deduce that if God loves me, no one particularly special or virtuous, He certainly must love everyone in the same way, just as we had been told from childhood. I was always a believer in God, but as a young man had found God inconvenient for a while, and I had come back to the church 15 years earlier in another episode which I suspected was a spiritual intervention. But, while I could swear with 100% certainty that I believe it was a spiritual experience, it was one you can think of as \xe2\x80\x9csoft\xe2\x80\x9d, a compulsion to seek out a priest immediately, while this was a \xe2\x80\x9chard\xe2\x80\x9d one. There was no mistaking this message from God. I practically stopped breathing. It was a 20,000 volt shock, like grabbing a spark plug wire, and just as unmistakable. So what was the outcome? Well, I found another way to volunteer at the VA, one where I was more in contact with the patients. First I read to a group of nursing home patients for about 10 years, and then I began to do bedside visits. In a couple of years I began to find this very difficult as my patients began to die, and I fled by moving to another town and becoming a literacy volunteer. The hot tub message is the defining moment of my life, and I was not told not to talk about it. But speaking has its costs as well, one of which is that it seems to have so little effect on people, while it has revealed the Lord to me. Still, it did not make me into a saint, and I found I still struggle with the same failings that I had before. But it is a great blessing, surpassed only by those experiences in which people have felt the great unconditional love of the Lord for each of us.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,enginee,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
815,OBE,1170,8,,F,"The most vivid one was that I was in my bedroom and I was going into my hallway when I realized what was happening, I immediately went back into my body. Also, there was a knocking sound at the head of my bed, near my head. , prior to me leaving    ",,Us citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,N/a,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
816,DEE,1375,12,,F,    ,,USA    Q.,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,I was a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
817,DEE,1336,37,,F,It was just like a tiny orb darting in then out of the room. I was a little scared but also a little comforted thinking it might be my grandfather. It moved fast and deliberate. I never stayed at my grandmothers house again in fear that it might happen again.     ,,uS citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,Stay at,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
818,OBE,1421,54,,F,I saw what I imagine must have been a vision:very simply clouds &amp; sunlight in a bright sky but I was in the sky about plane height. The vision was incredibly clear a dream would me very fuzzy in comparison. I could SEE every detail    ,,South Afr,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,avera,moder,"0 24,999",some,medical,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
819,NDA,1386,17,,F,"One night, I had a dream. I remember being outside of my grandfather house. Outside of the house was my grandfather. He approached me, and we were happy to see each other. I knew it had been a while since I saw him. And, I also knew that she was currently sick and afraid of him leaving me [to the afterlife]. My grandfather took my hand, and we walked into his house. The view inside the house, during the dream, was identical to his real house. What I found unusual was that all the lights were out except the one straight ahead- his room.  As we proceeded to walk towards his room, he was telling me that things were going to be fine. That, at first, things were going to feel like they are spinning out of control. As if I was standing with my arms out, spinning in circles, losing my balance- THAT type of loss of control. Although I found comfort in his words, I didnt know what he actually meant, until after his death.  When we approached the bedroom door, I could not believe my eyes. In front of me, was a hospital bed and my grandfather was in it! My grandfather was in his bed, facing my direction; he was asleep. Behind him, sitting, was his 2nd wife, his daughter, Lucy, and his son, Danny. To my left [and my grandfathers], sitting on a chair, was my mother. All of them were looking straight at my grandfather. I could not believe that I was in the presence of two grandfathers- and the same one!!  Seeing my grandfather in the hospital bed created a magnetic pull. I could not remove my eyes from him. I had never seen him in such a state. He was always alert, active, and immediately greeting me. This was the first time that I ever saw him so disconnected from everyone else, especially in their presence.  Seeing that there was an empty chair right next to his bed, I immediately sat on it. I felt I was trying to be close to him as I possibly could. This was the man I had loved all my life. He was my father, my comfort, and my strength. I admired this man profusely. And, knowing that I had denied seeing him for so many months, he needed to know I was finally there.  I apologized to him for not being there for when he needed me the most. I told him I was scared of losing him and I was scared that he would pass away once he already saw me. (He had seen every family member, but me. Due to how our relationship was, my withdrawal had shocked everyone. I thought you loved your grandfather, why arent you seeing him? You know that he is dying. Go see him.) Once I finished venting to my grandfather, asking him for forgiveness, his eyes opened. He looked at me. I returned the look. And he closed them again. Right then I knew that I was right. He WAS waiting for me. He wasnt leaving yet because we hadnt said goodbye. And I was the last person that he needed to see. But, I knew that I wasnt ready to let him go. Feeling overwhelmed, I reached out to him. I went for his hand and I grabbed it. It was my first touch with him in months. And once I held his hand, I heard his last breath. I was then informed he died. Everyone around was crying, including myself. With the pain of a broken heart, and having everything feel so real, I immediately woke up from my dream. I woke up sweating and bursting into tears. I could not stop crying. I had felt as if my grandfather had truly passed away.  My mother, who was sleeping next to me at the time (she didnt want to be alone during this moment in her life- being a daddys girl) woke up with fright. She didnt know what happened to me. I relived the dream by telling her every single detail. She reached out to a relative who informed her that my grandfather was still alive. - Exactly one week later, still fearful of my dream, and still avoiding seeing my dying grandfather, my mom informed me that she had just seen my grandfather. She informed me that now it was just a matter of hours or minutes. Without thinking, I immediately got ready. It was probably 10:00-11:00 at night. On my way over there, those fears werent present. But once I walked up to my grandfathers door- all my fears came flooding back. I did not know what to expect. Was my dream just a dream? Or, would it become a reality?? As my mother and I walked in through the door. My heart slumped to the bottom of my stomach. Just like my dream- the house was dark except for the back room- my grandfathers room. I began to experience anxiety. I was praying my steps towards the room would be nothing like my dream. I had so much hope in those few seconds which felt like an hour. When I walked into the bedroom, there he was: my grandfather laying on a bed, facing my direction. Behind him, my 2nd wife, my aunt Lucy, and my uncle Danny. My mother took a seat to my left. And I, I was offered the empty seat next to him. The seat from my dreams!  I had so many thoughts come up. I could not believe that I was r",,US Citize,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,High Sc,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
820,ADC,1456,34,,F,"Amanda was radient, she had beautiful dark hair against the all white clothes, her smile was big and honest and happy to see me. I didnt hear anyting really, as soon as I saw her I said HIIIIiiiiiiii, how are you doing?!?!?!?!? Then we have a very long two way conversation.    ",,US    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Owned a,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
821,ADC,1153,44,,F,"My best friend passed into Spirit on May 15, 2004 at the age of 45, after a 10 year battle with HER-2 Breast Cancer. We had spent 40 years weaving the fabric of our lives together in a dance that was just magical. Ours is a long story of love and friendship. It is hard to relay in a few words the significance of this miracle,but I will try.  Two years ago Karen started having massive headaches and was feeling weird. We were headed off to a healing weekend in New York State and having a grand time. It was just the two of us tooling around in the car and laughing and enjoying each others company. At one point, she became very serious and told me she thought her chemotherapy may be causing these symptoms. She was struggling as to whether or not to go off the chemo and just let God do His work. I told her this was a huge decision and one not to be taken lightly. I am a big believer in asking God to give us a sign when we need an answer to an important or not so important question. Because this was a VERY important question, I told her she needed to ask for a sign that would be unquestionable! Something so unusual that it could only be from God. I then said, How about if we see a green donkey? Then you can go off chemotherapy. She giggled and said, That sounds great. The rest of the weekend we searched for a green donkey. We found yellow pigs, purple cows, red dogs and even a green horse.How we tried to rationalize that a horse is almost a donkey. But we knew it had to be a Green Donkey. We even spent the next afternoon in Woodstock, NY going through every store but never found a green donkey. A week later the headaches continued and she went for an MRI. Her father also passed away from Alzheimers this same week. On the morning of his funeral, she received a phone call from her oncologist telling her the cancer had spread to her brain. She went through the whole day, a huge funeral, and never told a soul except her husband what she had found out that morning. She had courage beyond human strength. She made it through brain surgery and massive radiation and lived two more years. She passed on May 15, 2004 surrounded by her whole family. What follows is what I said at her memorial service (which 700 people attended). Notice the part about the green donkey toward the end. I have had the pleasure of knowing Karen for over 40 years and calling her one of my best and dearest friends. But I know I am just one of countless best friends that Karen had...there was something about her that just made you want to be close to her and know her better. To Karens family...she was a mom, a wife, a sister, a daughter, and a cousin, but for the vast majority of us here today, she was our friend. A friend of the truest sense and one that was there for each of us no matter what was going on in her life. Remarkable, selfless, trustworthy, sincere, kind, compassionate, spiritual, and beautiful are words that can only begin to describe Karen. Besides being a friend,Karen was a teacher. She taught me more about strength and courage than I ever wanted to know. When my son deployed to Afghanistan last Oct, she came to me one day like an angel sent from God. She held me, cried with me and instilled in me The Power of Now. This gave me strength that I did not know I had. If I can take one tenth of her strength and live the rest of my life, then I will be happy. I will miss her human presence more than I can even imagine at this time... her spirit while she was on this Earth was immeasurable. What I look forward to from this day on is how she will guide, love, and watch over each of us in her new found strength in SPIRIT. And so I say to you my dear Karen, Godspeed to you on this new journey you have undertaken. I know Daddy was holding your green donkey and that now you know all the Divine Order that is so hard for us to understand here on Earth. I giggle at the thought of our next life together and I ask you Sister Karen to hold down the abbey until I get there. When I returned home from her service that evening, there was a message on my answering machine from my son, who was in Afghanistan, serving in the US Army. He had never, ever called on a weeknight since he had deployed, until that night. This in and of itself spoke volumes to me. I was sad I had missed his call, but I knew he was OK and surely sending me some love from afar, even though he did not know of Karens death yet. Karen had given me extreme comfort and support while she was alive in regards to his deployment and no matter what was going on in her life, she always asked how my son was doing. That same night, the phone rang again around 2:30 AM and it was my son. What a joy to hear his voice! We spoke for about 20 minutes and during the conversation he mentioned that his best buddy and teammate had put new pictures up on a website ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",colle,At the,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
822,ME ,1029,49,,F,"I pulled onto the Interstate and slid into the left lane. The car in front of me was a red convertible and as I pulled closer I realized that I knew by the vanity plates who the person was driving the car. The plates were HOJO2 and I knew that was the owner of the Howard Johnson Hotel who we knew socially. Then a voice spoke to me and gave me instructions and reasons why all at the same time and in just a few seconds I had been told what I had to do to be safe. The voice explained that the car was about to go got of control and speed into the center median. Then the person driving would over-correct and speed across the interstate in front of me just in time for me to T-bone the car and kill both of us. The voice told me to simply take my foot off the gas and coast...that would slow my car enough to avoid hitting the car and the semis behind me would not hit me. Just exactly as the instructions were completed I took my foot off the gas and the entire scene played out before me. The car started running off to the left into the median kicking grass up and speeding toward the steel barrier...at 1st I thought it would be sliced in 2 right down the middle, but then the driver began to swerve back into my lane. He cut across 2 lanes...and because I had already slowed down ...he missed me by inches...clipped the car behind me and to my right and slammed into the guard-rail on the other side of the interstate.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Sales,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
823,OBE,1521,43,,F,"I had a two part experience with this series. I had an OBE with the first and fourth meditation. In the first meditation I experienced a dropping down into my heart. Once that happened, I felt myself leave my physical body. I found myself in the rings of Saturn. I observed this area for a bit. I could feel something like wind and could hear the planet rotating. I watched as rocky material went by. I say watched, but it wasnt like watching with your eyes. I felt like I was going in a circular motion and felt like I was standing, but not really standing. I shifted my consciousness to look down because I felt like I had moved from the rings to somewhere else. I found my consciousness in the middle of the DNA helix. It seems like I stayed there for quite awhile and could feel a sense of awe. I felt in awe throughout this whole experience. I then found myself sort of floating in what felt and looked like darkness, but not scary darkness more like space darkness. I became aware of a shape, but it was on a mammoth scale. There is nothing that I can even compare it to. It felt like God, OM, greatness. I was then in the middle of what seemed like what would be comparable to the bloodstream. I was moving very fast and saw lots of red around me. This shifted from the bloodstream to the galaxies, other planets, humans, animals, trees, everything. I felt like I was being shown that everything is connected and on an even larger scale, we make (everything) actually makes up God/OM. We are the heart, everything is about the heart. In the 4th mediation I had a similar, but different experience. I dropped down into my heart again, but I stayed there for a bit. I had the sensation that I was laying on my left side. I could hear a muffled heart beat. Not a perfect beat and it sounded as if it may even be skipping beats, but so comforting. I became aware of the feeling of warm fluid all around me and inside my nose, lungs, mouth. I could see my right hand, but it was very tiny and very pink. It was mostly dark, but a little bit of white light was around the edges of this space. I felt as if this was me and I was in my mothers womb. I remember feeling the most comforted I ever have. It was so comforting, but also very confining, but not in a bad way. From there, I felt like I was in a white light spiral. The spiral shot the purest white light through my heart and out of the crown of my head-simultaneously. My consciousness catapulted out of my chest, but also through my head. Up, straight up and fast, but completely enveloped with white light and love. I felt like there were beings that were moving with me, supporting me, but they had no physical characteristics. They were pure light.    ",,American,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Yoga st,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
824,ME ,1067,33,,F,"I prayed for probably 3 4 months, as I continued to read the Course and do the workbook. Suddenly, literally out of the blue, one day I had an encounter with my boss where I felt blamed for something that wasnt my fault. He said something to me, and I responded in a really defensive way. The moment I spoke my response to him, I felt the left side of my scalp tingle. Not just a tiny tingle, but the ENTIRE left side of my scalp really tingled like the way you might imagine it feels when a cats hair stands on end. During this encounter with my boss, I was fully aware something strange had happened on my scalp...but I was too wrapped up in the defensive discussion to really pay that much attention to it. Later on the same day, I had a negative thought about something else, and this very strong tingle thing happened again. Very shortly, I realized what seemed to be happening was that my prayer had been answered...I was being shown without question, which of my thoughts had a negative component to them by having this very strong tingle each and every time I had one! This amazed me, and still does to this day. For the next several months, I got used to this feeling and played around with it. It happens without fail, when I have any thought that violates Gods (or our own) nature. If my thought is really big, the tingle is really big and covers the entire left side of my head. If my thought is smaller, a passing thing, the tingle will still be there...only reduced to a tiny tingle on mostly the top of the left side of my head. As I worked with this feeling, I learned very quickly how to avoid the types of thoughts that would make the tingle happen. At this time, I rarely have the tingle...ie: I have trained my thought process to be much more loving. The tingle is still there very strongly if I slip up, however. I can also make the tingle happen on purpose, simply by deliberately thinking about a very negative or hateful emotion. I thought this was interesting in that it is something I can do at will, as well as it being there to warn me off bad thoughts when I havent been trying.    ",,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",Some,bookkee,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
825,ME ,1379,49,,F,"I wish my daughter was writing this but I can share my experience. My daughter and I are very close. We have an unusually amazing mother \xe2\x80\x93 daughter relationship. I was scared during the 30 minutes she was in the cabinet and the lights were out. I stayed hyper aware of my surroundings. I knew Mychael was the real deal but I had a small amount of doubt in my mind that apporting was real and not a show. Inside the cabinet were s&#233;ance trumpets. One of the s&#233;ance trumpets was in front of my daughter but far enough away that she could not tip it over. She was seated in a chair, in the middle of the cabinet. After chanting, I heard something in the cabinet. It sounded like feet shuffling. Then, the trumpet tipped over. I got scared! I asked Mychael what he was doing and he told me it was not him. He was sitting in his chair the entire time and no one else could have possibly entered the space. He told me he thought an Ascended Master was trying to use the trumpet to talk to us! I began to shake! I have never been near anything like this. I am open-minded but full of old dogma from the JW religion. All my fears came up. I was scared but stayed silent. Soon, I felt the curtain on the cabinet brush across my foot. Mychael and I were sitting just outside the cabinet curtains so I would feel comfortable with my daughters training. Now, I am really getting freaked out. I could hear the pvc pipes that hold the curtains on the cabinet creaking. I checked with my hand to be sure Mychael was not pulling a prank on me. He wasn\xe2\x80\x99t; he was right there next to me in his chair. In all the years that Mychael has been trying to train people to apport, no one has apported! Especially not on their first try.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"100,000+",maste,She is,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
826,ME ,1268,40,,F,"I kept asking if there is a God I want to see God. If God is perfect I want to see perfection. I saw the brightest white gold silver light, felt absolute unconditional love touch me I was apart of it but as a spark of being a recipient of this love. The feeling of peace and tranquility was supreme. Then I got scared and thought maybe Im oxygen deprived and Im dying which stopped the experience as suddenly as it began.    ",,American,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
827,DEE,1224,45,,F,"i felt so comforted with the knowledge of a better transition for my mom at that time. the book guided my decisions and was like a big hug for me and her. i reread the book twice before the weekend was over and get more comforted each time. why now and why this time, i felt like my mom guided me to buy this book because i had not known she was sick and was about the die.    ",,american,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",colle,housing,,single,single,Yes,very little,All pleasant,adult
828,SDE,1309,48,,F,"My mother seemed to be vacillating between this world and the next. She had facial expressions of surprise, distress, amazement, peace. She spoke of seeing angels, hearing beautiful music, and that people were there with her that had died before her.    ",,Citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Part ti,,single,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
829,DEE,1058,46,,M,Read my book.    ,,US citize,1 2000,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Aerospa,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
830,ME ,1288,40,,F,"Same as above. Also, I saw it as a sign from the Beloved, a message of love and warmth and a reaching out to me in a time of loneliness and sadness. A sign to give me hope and to help me carry on in this journey of life.    ",,Citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Disable,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
831,ME ,1166,28,,F,"I started to giggle at the ridiculousness of feeling alone. I was part of something so much larger. Not a major part, but like one of the atoms that make up everything. It made my smile to feel so much a part of everything.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,I had b,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
832,NDE,1248,27,,F,"I didnt see a light or anything, I was suddenly in this space (?) another dimension. I knew my nan was with me I couldnt see her but I felt her presence. In front of me was a panel of beings (they communicated telepathically with me). I was crying, begging them not to send me back as I didnt want to return. I was told that it wasnt my time, that I had to return as I had things I need to do. Suddenly I woke up with a crash team. I was crying and hysterical.     ",,EU reside,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",Some,Public,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
833,OBE,1143,17,,F,"I was disembodied. Watching my sister and Grandmother talk in a store I had never been in. I described the store and their conversation in detail. I was floating above, but I didnt see myself, just knew it was me. The feeling was pleasant.    ",,N/A    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,undec,none,"50,000 99",Some,student,,single,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,youth
834,ADC,1022,63,,F,We could not believe it at first. We both made other calls. What we felt was incredable love and joy.    ,,American,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
835,NDE,1237,35,,M,see #43    ,,US    Q.,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,social,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
836,DEE,1028,19,,F,"I was visiting a Bahai temple that was completely white without adornment. I approached what appeared to be a window but when I stood in front of the window of the temple which was very large and arched and without glass or panes, the space beyond the window was a turquoise blue light that radiated life, energy, and unconditional love. I was so transfixed by the experience that I could not move. The communication about the love was powerful and washed over me like a torrent. I was reduced to nothingness...I understood that my decision to become a Bahai was part of the reason I was having this expereince. Gradually the light faded away and I was brought back to the physical reality of the temple and the presence of my mother. She was remarking on the beauty of the archictecture of the building and I understood that she would not likely be able to experience what I had just experienced. I have been a Bahai now for 23 years and this fact has been consistent.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,religious,religious,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
837,OBE,1200,4,,F,"As the abuse was happening, I recall feeling like I couldnt move and as I looked up into the corner of the room, above the television, I saw myself floating there looking down at myself. The floating version of me seemed ethereal and I recall not seeing an entire body. Then I can hear the television and it felt like I was going back and forth between the floating me and the me on the sofa. I dont recall how long this lasted, and I dont recall anything afterwards.    ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,None,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
838,NDA,1285,36,,M,"Once I realized that I was disoriented and air supply finally depleted, I surrendered to lose my life. I felt a sudden peace that I cannot explain in words. I did not have a NDE but felt a warming sensation (though water temp was about 40 degrees F)and I was aware of a loving presence that was just beyond a veil Keep in mind that visibility was minus zero so all these sensations were permeating, nothing visual at all...I can only compare them to a force like a magnet pulling on a ferrous object              ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,busines,,divor,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
839,DEE,1298,41,,F,"I woke up and told my husband I needed to go to my sons grave, he assured me everything was fine and that he would drive me down to the cemetary early in the morning. I lied awake all night waiting for morning to come, finally we got to the cemetary and I couldnt believe my eyes!  The cemetary workers had dug a grave next to my sons grave, but it was so close to his that you could almost see my sons coffin, it was as if the body that was being buried there was practically in the same grave. Seeing the depth of the grave and how close it was to my sons was unbelievable just like in my dream accept to the side of my sons grave. My sons flowers and things were thrown further up away from his grave, I was furious, that my son was being disturbed.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Self-Em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
840,ME ,1458,34,,F,"While hiking, I suddenly had the sensation to perceive the colors more vividly. I then saw a bright light (an even some kind of pinky light and green lines\xe2\x80\xa6) and felt like melting into the nature. I was like literally inundated, showered by love. I am some kind of an orphan and feels lonely sometimes. It was like receiving the purest love, comfort ever. I didnt hear words per se but I felt like receiving s very strong and powerful message that I was able to translate immediately: you are loved, then you should never worry and then you never need to justify yourself to anyone. It was extremely strong, determined and healing for me. While having the sensation to melt into nature, I felt that the hikers I was encountering were like an extension of my own body. I felt love and compassion for them and I felt they felt my love for them. I wanted to embrace everything and everyone. I kept looking at my hands as if I had a sudden comprehension: there are no limits in matter, we are all One. After the hike, I called my best friend in NY telling her that life was marvelous, that we should love everyone etc\xe2\x80\xa6 that I suddenly understood songs like Imagine, One or the Man in the Mirror. I felt so grateful for life, quit smoking immediately and didnt fear death anymore.    ",,France,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,writer/,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
841,OBE,1223,52,,F,"I remember my breath ending, like a release, and I felt no fear. Then I was in the hands of God, which felt, as the best way to describe it, like being inside a golden flower, with an indescribable sense of love surrounding me and permeating me. I was just there, absorbing the energy and power and love. Then I remember floating and traveling above an earthlike scene, with a green field below and some mountains in the distance. To my right was the edge of a city with a rock wall of some kind. I dont remember much about the city, only that it was there and I was traveling toward it. After that I came back into my own body.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",maste,Owner/D,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
842,ME ,1009,18,,F,"One of the weirdest things about this experience was the feeling of getting shot in the head. Actually, I didnt feel a thing, but I remember how my vision exploded in red. I remember how I vaguely felt my body hitting the ground and being unable to stop it, even as I, as a spirit, got yanked out of my body. I didnt feel a bit of pain, and Im usually very scared of blood, but I wasnt scared of the blood I saw coming out of me as I died--just intrigued, but not emotionally connected to it. As a spirit, I learned that I look very different than how I look physically. This experience taught me that I, Theresa, am actually a combination of three women who I was in other lifetimes--and I learned that we dont have to live our lifetimes in chronological order, and those lifetimes can overlap on each other, too. I learned that I, Theresa, am a combination of these three women:-a German Jewish girl who was about sixteen when she died in one of the concentration camps during the Holocaust-an American (Caucasian) woman who was in her 30s when she died in the 1980s-a Caucasian woman with shoulder-length, flaming red hair who was the captain of a starship and had died in the 2300s or thereabouts. She was in her late 20s-early 30s. Id lived all three of these lifetimes before this one. I learned that I, Theresa, am a composite of all three of these women. Im not exactly my own person. Im unique, yes--but I was created from these three women. Looking back on whats happened in the 2000s in our physical world, Im astounded that I basically saw our wars in Iraq and Afghanistan several years before they happened. Back in 1998, it was a lot easier to dismiss this experience as some really vivid dream, emphasis on dream. When I was 18, I couldnt fathom circumstances when the US would choose to wage war against anyone else. It was really easy to dismiss this aspect of my experience as something out of an action movie, perhaps. And I distinctly felt what the other soldiers were feeling--this grief over the fact that they knew, at the time of their deaths, that they would be dying so far away from home for a pointless war. The soldiers in my dream knew this full well as they died. They were extremely sad about this. If I had to describe it, it was like they had this immense, low, wailing grief--something very heavy and sad, like low, gray storm clouds. Back in 1998, one of the things that really amazed me was that the littlest promises we make are, indeed, kept. To go back to this brother of mine: We were fans of James Camerons movie, TITANIC, and we met in an email mailing list. We ended up talking a lot via IM. I dont think we ever exchanged pictures, even. But he was the first to say that he felt like I was his little sister, which was odd because he is an only child, like me. He liked calling me Sis a lot, and I called him big bro, although I dont think I felt this sibling bond quite as strongly as he did. We did talk about the supernatural, and about life beyond death. He talked about being in the US Army for some period of time. I dont know how our conversations got to this point, but we made a promise to each other: that if it really was true that there was life beyond death, whoever would die first would go to the other person and be there for them when it was their time to die. In the case of my experience, I died first and, as promised, I visited him--even if I, at least, had completely forgotten about making this promise in the first place.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",some,student,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
843,NDE,1262,24,,F,"I remember being in a long dark tunnel with white lights in the distance. The lights werent real lights but just a white glow at the end of this tunnel. A man was talking to me and he was standing on my left. I did not recognize him except to think that he looked like a football coach with a receding hairline and a whistle around his neck. He was heavy set in frame. He was saying to me, you cant stay here, you need to go back. And I was thinking, I dont want to go back, this feels so good! And I remember this feeling of utter euphoria. Better than any drug or high you could dream of! It was completely peaceful and filled with bliss!    ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,none,"100,000+",colle,Assista,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
844,OBE,1469,25,,F,"Suddenly I was outside my body. I seemed to be very small as I watched what was happening to me. I knew I was dying, or would die if he didnt stop. I prayed, Please, God. Dont let me die. I have two little boys who need me. I heard clearly, Use kung foo. My body became ridged and I put my arms straight up. My elbows locked and no matter how hard he tried to break them down they were locked in place. He could no longer reach my head. Once he realized he couldnt hurt me any more he sat back on his heels kind of dazed.    ",,Natural c,"251,00",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Bank te,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
845,ME ,1482,39,,F,    ,,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Auditor,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
846,ADC,1376,48,,F,"I walked into my house. I still had the door open and I felt a presence behind the door. It was a little unnerving (I had often in my childhood felt unseen presences which frightened me). However this time I stopped and stood still, listening. The information I received was on a knowing level that the presence I felt was my father. He stood very quiet, not intrusive. I felt supported, like he was saying I will be here to help you and Jeremy through. I was pretty distraught most of the time, but his presence was like an anchor. His being there told me there was life after life and where he was was where my son was going also. So that was comforting.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,graphic,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
847,ADC,1315,47,,F,"After the Beach Boys &amp; Louie Louie songs played, and I talked with the other shoppers about feeling my sister had made the DJ play Louie Louie, I walked home. I was sad that my sister had died (she survived 8 months after dx with cancer), I was exuberant that she had contacted me. I talked with my father over the phone. He said that after the memorial service for her, he was cleaning the drink containers. A butterfly of a hue hed never seen (and he was an astute Naturalist) landed on the tap. He decided to leave that tap &amp; go inside. Came back the next day &amp; same butterfly was there. 3rd day &amp; it was there again. He said Kathi, if that is you, go on to Heaven and the butterfly flew around his head &amp; on up into the sky. Dad became more spiritual after that    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
848,ME ,1072,42,,M,"Up ahead on the road at the other stop sign there were 2-3 cars stopped and waiting. There were no cars behind or in front of me. A car on the main road (going right to left by my perspective) stopped to turn down the road heading toward me but did not turn (they were waiting for a car going the other direction that I could not see). I had a powerful feeling that the stopped car was dangerous and to keep away. I will call this car X. I slowed significantly and soon came to a complete stop at least 20 feet from the sign. Still with almost no visibility of the main road in either direction. Within seconds the car waiting at the opposite stop sign (I will call this car Y) slammed on the gas and pulled out into the main road turning left (right by my perspective). The X car that I was afraid of had stopped to wait for an oncoming car but the driver in Y did not see this and thought X had stopped to let it by. The oncoming car Z slammed on its breaks to avoid car Y, swerved and slid on road dirt left from sanding. Car Z would have crashed into me had I been at the stop sign, or they would have hit car X or car Y if they did not swerve my direction.    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,moder,none,"25,000 49",Junio,R&amp;D,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
849,DEE,1525,23,,F,"Above my bed, I saw three balls/orbs of white light which did not cast light on the rest of the room. I sat up straight in bed and started slapping my face to make sure I was awake. The orbs kept dancing around each other for probably a minute. I did not know what to do so I just watched. I was even more surprised when they started dancing toward the ceiling and then just went through it as if there was no barrier there at all. The balls appeared substantial themselves, so I was quite baffled when they didnt even slow down as they danced through the ceiling.    ",,US    Q.,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,avera,littl,"100,000+",post,Medical,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
850,ADC,1290,62,,F,"On January 4, 2007, I was alone in the kitchen of my home in Ossining, NY. My husband was upstairs working. I like my home orderly and keep everything in its place. It was daytime and I was preparing some food when my eye caught an object by the floor. I looked down and saw a little white square paper wedged up against the dark green backsplash runner by the floor. I picked up the paper. It was actually an empty little envelope with a gold lining inside. The envelope looked like it was opened after it was sealed because it had a rip in the flap. It was the kind of gift envelope that contained a card with someones name on it that youd give with a gift at Christmas. On the front of the envelope was the hand-printed word Dad. It looked like my handwriting but I didnt remember giving my father this envelope in the 2 1/2 years we were communicating just before his passing, and we didnt talk to each other for 29 years previously. In my home, a random and obscure object just doesnt turn up mysteriously in a strange place like that. I stood there with a shocked feeling, staring at the envelope. I thought I knew it came from a spiritual source but I wasnt ready to accept that. I had to rule out all possibilities. I called for Hank to come down and showed him the envelope. I asked if it was his. He said no. I asked if he ever saw this before. No. Could he imagine where it came from? No. I asked if it fell out of the newspapers he recycles in the kitchen. He said no. I told him where I found it and that it came from Holy Spirit. Hank became agitated and got a little angry. He was annoyed that mysterious, spiritual things like this were happening to me and darted back upstairs to his office. I stood there looking at the envelope and asked out loud: Dad, are you here with me now? Suddenly, a brisk wind came across my bare shins and I felt the chills. Then I knew my father was with me. I wanted to know more about this mystery, so I called a cousin of Hanks who was a Deacon at a Catholic Church in New Orleans. I asked Gary what all this meant. He said that God made my father my Guardian Angel and that my father would be watching over me. This was awesome. Although I had had a love/hate relationship with my father, I just loved him now and was happy to know he was with me. I have fond, loving memories bonding with my father in my childhood and enjoying life with him. (Im uploading a photo of this envelope. The envelope is white, although my iPhone or Mac turned the image and its surrounding area pink.)    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
851,OBE,1532,42,,M,"As above there was no use of senses as we know them just an understanding that although I could not physically see, touch, smell, or hear anything I was yet able to know everything and that what I was experiencing was very real.    ",,UK and Au,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Interna,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
852,ME ,1269,59,,F,"(Repeat of #43) I was driving my car alone and running errands during the daytime. It was an ordinary, sunny July day during the week. I was driving past the Briarcliff Congregational Church in Briarcliff Manor, New York, a small, Westchester County suburban community, a one-hour drive north of Manhattan. I glanced over at the churchs directory sign to read it. It said You say theres distance between you and God. Who moved? I immediately stopped my car and held up traffic, stared at those words and thought for a few seconds about that question. I remember answering that question to myself: I moved. It was I who moved because God doesnt move. Hes all around us. I suddenly realized what I was saying and I said to myself: Why am I answering this question? I dont believe in God. Then I started to cry and I was shaking in my car. It was a soft cry and a mild shaking. But I was aware that I was being moved by something. I heard the car horns blaring behind me but ignored them. I knew I had to make an instant decision to stay with this feeling or cut it off, ignore it and continue on with my chores. Although I was a little frightened at the unknown feelings and event that were overtaking me, I decided to stay with my feelings. I pulled across the street into the empty parking lot of the little Briarcliff Public Library and parked in a quiet corner of the lot. I sat crying and shaking and let whatever it was overtake me. I was still a little frightened but I decided to trust the event. I suddenly looked down and saw that my chest was ethereally slowly opening up and a current of wavy air was entering my chest. This did not at all frighten me. I did not hear anything, touch anything or smell anything. (With me, all my visions, signs and visits by Holy Spirit were always visual. I guess since God made me a visual artist, It comes to me in a visual form.) God then played with me a game of spiritual connect the dots. It released from my memory spiritual experiences from my past that I had heretofore forgotten but remembered when they became fresh again in my memory. (Ill be registering each one in separate forms on your site.) I was sitting in my car for about one half hour and in that half hour I went from believing nothing to believing everything. I knew there really was a God. I knew that Jesus was the Son of God. I knew there really was a Holy Spirit. I knew the Bible was true. And I felt that God wanted me to be Christian, so I converted myself from Judaism to Christianity on the spot. No one came over to me while I sat in my car. I was infused with a tremendous new and exciting spiritual energy and couldnt wait to go home and tell Hank, my husband, all about it.    ",,I am a U.,"50,000",atheist,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,I am an,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
853,ADC,1252,52,,F,"After what happened to me its impossible not to believe. I have to admit that when life gets tough I have my doubt but I remember Cindy and the vitamins and I said to myself: How can I doubt. Reading Dr. Alexanders book is like a confirmation of my heaven. My description was very thorough. And I have to say that I dont pretend people to believe, but no body can take this experience away from me and I am glad that an atheist was present to be my witness. Even for myself, because this is so unreal that after it happens you find yourself wondering if you are imagening or what.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Before,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
854,ADC,1449,44,,F,"Re-telling that, is as real to me now as when it happened. I dont remember intact dreams like some people can. Never have been able to.    ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
855,OBE,1040,22,,F,"See above. Disillusioned, afraid, saw two young men, heard nothing. Thought... do I know you?    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
856,ME ,1430,20,,F,see above    ,,Australia,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,moder,"100,000+",some,I wasnt,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
857,ME ,1342,67,,F,"I observed an average looking man resting on an embankment near me. there were no sounds, just an awareness in my mind that I loved him more than anything, and I felt he loved me the same way; again, nothing sexual... just the agape love    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,medical,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
858,OBE,1289,33,,F,"I was doing some computer work, and the next instant, I was standing in a barn. I could smell the hay and straw, and on my right side were stalls for horses, but there werent any horses in there. At the end of the barn was a Dutch door, with the top half open. To the immediate right of the door was a window. I remember looking at my feet, and I had boots on (nothing Id wear to work). I could also see the straw, and it was a bit dirty. Looking back at the end of the barn, flowing through the door and window was the warmest, loving white light. The light knew and loved me. The next instant I was back at my desk.    ",,Natural c,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Unaffilia,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Secreta,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
859,OBE,1217,30,,F,see above    ,,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Marriot,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
860,ME ,1493,21,,F,"I did not see or hear anything. I experienced a sudden intense feeling that a door had opened, and that my grandfather was present. It lasted about a minute I turned to my friend and told her my zaidy is here, and I started to cry. I believe I also told her he came to say goodbye to me. I recall my hair on my skin was standing on end, but I was not cold. And then it ended abruptly, as if a door shut suddenly. I then told her he was gone.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,never,seldom,avera,very st,"100,000+",docto,I was a,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
861,DEE,1453,49,,F,It was a long time ago. I dont remember any sound or light just the most incredible source of love I will never forget.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Airline,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
862,OBE,1371,26,,M,"What I observed, felt and saw were the most real things I ever experienced. As I slept, I didnt just float away I shot off like a rocket. I was going warp speed with a destination pre-programmed. I didnt know consciously where I was headed, I just knew I was going. It was very much the sensation of flying through space. It was dark like space, but I dont remember darkness. I do recall zooming past worlds, orbs really, not planets in the physical sense, but worlds nonetheless, near and far. I traveled at this warp speed what I could sense was a vast distance, multitudes beyond what we even have measurements for. When I came out of my travels, I found myself in the presence of these two men as described above.  And HERE is the most remarkable, profound, and intense part of this experience: Despite their important work of apparently saving a large population, when I arrived there, they both turned their full attention to me. Here, words truly lose their meaning. I have great reverence for these two men and the work they were seemingly doing, yet despite this they afforded me their full attention and admiration and love. They were happy to see ME! But it was so much more than that. I felt all of the infinite and unconditional love of the universe, the acceptance, everything Dr. Eben discussed in his book, if I may use that cop-out in lieu of attempting to describe the indescribable.  At the time, I had been dealing with being disrespected as a new EMT in a culture that big on attitude and tradition and small on respect. I learned one of the most important lessons of my life in that moment: That every being on earth is greeted with %1,000 full attention, love, admiration, and acceptance by God, with no regard to anything else thats going on. I cant fathom how its possible to everywhere and doing everything at once, despite the fact that I experienced beings capable of that while making me the center and sole focus of all that infinite love.  I clumsily and, I feel, stupidly introduced myself as Josh, from Oregon, as though that would have made sense. It did, apparently. As we all floated above this world with refugees down below, information was exchanged. There was a discussion. I do not recall nor did I upon waking- that discussion that was shared between the three of us. I was there to experience what I had upon my arrival. My mother, whom I was best friends with, died in 2002. My family was shattered, but I was the apple of my mothers eye. Her death is something that I still havent dealt with fully. I sense that this was at the heart of that exchange, however it was with some other part of me that I dont have access to right now.  When this conversation concluded, whatever it was, I remember making the journey back to my body. It was the exact same immeasurable distance, yet the time it took was very... well, there was no quick or slow about it. It just was. When I arrived back to my body, I snapped awake.  I immediately called my father who had been close friends with Pir Vilayat. My dad was very supportive and receptive, even happy that I had such a special dream.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,EMT-Bas,,single,single,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
863,ADC,1087,34,,F,I woke up at 5:30 am. My grandmother was standing at the foot of my bed. She had a light within her as if to glow. She wore a nighty as I had recalled seeing her wear in the past. Her face looked as i had remembered her as a healthy older person but before her decline into dementia that eventually reduced her to the size of a child. She was smiling and did not say a word. I was crying but felt peaceful at the same time. This is the greatest gift my grandmother ever gave me. It comforted me then and does even moreso as my life experience continues. I only share with those who I sense will understand and may be open to it.    ,,Canadian/,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Project,,separ,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
864,OBE,1186,48,,M,"There was a a beautiful room, open doorway, ochre walls, 2 black chairs,two large windows displaying a blue sky. A shelf with 7 potted Jade Plants... each pot had a face on it. under the shelf was a small sign reading: Mama Master. What was so beautiful was the feeling of this rooom... pure love... pure bliss...beyond description. Almost felt like a waiting room of some sort. I felt like i was in this room, viewing it and looking all around the space.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Graphic,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
865,NDE,1324,42,,F,"While unconscious, I was in a greyish muddy area and I was looking out over a lake or a pond or a sea of this greyish muddy stuff and there were these peoples heads bobbing out of the mud. I didnt recognize anyone as they were covered with this muck. It was very unnerving.    ",,citizen o,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,nurse,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
866,ME ,1043,33,,F,I felt absolute love peace. a healing. It happened spontaneously. I longed after this to have more of it and have it happen more frequently.    ,,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
867,ME ,1302,51,,F,"Sometime in 1996, I was sitting alone in my office in my home in the middle of writing my memoir novel. I was sitting in my chair, thinking at the time. Suddenly I saw a vision in my head that Im entitling Our Human Timeline of Existence. It was a horizontally long image running left to right in my head. There were no words, numbers or sounds, only images. At the left of this horizontal Timeline was the first image. That image was of an ape down on all fours and facing left. To the right of that ape and facing right was a second ape starting to stand up. To the right of that ape and facing right was the third ape, looking Neanderthal. To the right of that ape was a picture of a human being facing right. Then there was a little space. To the right of the space was the image of Leonardo da Vinci\xe2\x80\x99s Vitruvian Man. To the right of that was a very, very long empty area. At the right end of the Timeline, the last image, is a great gust of horizontal wind blurring out the whole right end of the Timeline. That was what I saw. There were no dates on this Timeline. I thought about that vision and why I was seeing it. According to the spacing of the images one to another on the left and then the very long empty space in the middle area and then the wind blur all the way on the right, the vision said to me that, according to where Vitruvian Man was standing in the Timeline, we humans are currently (the 20th Century) into about 20% of our survival, from our beginnings on Earth to our end. I couldnt see our end because that was where the horizontal wind blur was, which took up all the space on the right side. There were no dates, so I dont know how it would happen to us, when, or if it would even happen at all. What I do see is that we humans have many, many more millenniums of survival. I believe I saw this vision and I believe (kinda) in what it was telling me. I wasnt sure what I was supposed to do with this knowledge except to tell people. But since that was one of my first spiritual experiences, I was so new to God (but still an atheist), that I think I told one other person. I wasnt confident in what I saw and I didnt want people to think I was crazy. Im uploading a file of the picture I drew of this vision. I dont remember what day I actually saw it because I wasnt writing down my spiritual experiences yet. So I recorded my vision in this picture at a later time, June 19, 2006. Please note my address and all contact info has changed since then.     ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
868,DEE,1255,19,,F,What I learned was that we are not the only being occupying this space    ,,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,student,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
869,ME ,1128,53,,M,I observed that he could be up to ten feet away and the effect was still present. I felt nothing other than his concern about being unable to control his shaking. I heard nothing. What I learned was that over time he was able to have his medication reduced due to his apparent improvement.    ,,Australia,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Other,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Electro,,divor,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
870,ADC,1055,48,,F,"All of the ADCs I experienced gave me comfort because I knew it was my mother. She could not speak to me before her passing, only I could speak to her which I did. So I knew that she wanted to let me know she was okay. We were very close as many mothers and daughters are, and I knew she was sending her love.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",docto,Doctor,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
871,DEE,1205,45,,F,"Well it has been a few years, but here is what happened. I was at Mass. We attend weekly. This week, for some reason, my eyes kept being drawn towards the rafters above the altar. I kept feeling a presence, actually two, playfully going from rafter to rafter. Ive felt presences before, never at church. Whenever I do, I usually just ignore, or if it is strong enough, tell it to call on the name of Christ. So the feeling kept getting stronger and stronger, I finally stated silently for the things to play quieter so I could concentrate on the Mass. They didnt leave though. And we lined up for the Holy Eucharist, and I received the Body of Christ from Rita, a long time parishoner and dedicated Eucharistic minister. As soon as she gave the Host to me, I didnt even get to walk to my seat when I heard a loud CRASH! The silver bowl witht the Host was dropped because Rita collapsed and died on the spot. As soon as that happened, I slowly felt the presences leave. Come to find out about a week later at Ritas funeral, that she used to be a nun, she was in love with the Eucharist, and her life-long wish was to die IN THE CHURCH, GIVING OUT THE EUCHARIST. Those angels in the rafters (or whatever celestial beings they were) were there for Rita. I only observed, or felt their presence. This isnt the first time Ive felt unearthly presences, but most definitely the strongest. You can check on Ritas death if you want to confirm this, just let me know and I will give you the name of the parish and the presiding priest. Please keep me nameless, for now. Thank you.     ",,US citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,avera,"100,000+",Some,Office,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
872,OBE,1184,23,,F,"Please see above for details. I observed my body floating. When I would first know I was about to travel outside my body I would hear a humming sound. When evil came to me it would come in a buzzing sound and I would feel something biting at my back. I saw my husband once in an earlier life form. I think weve always been together. And, my most enduring memory which I can still feel somewhere deep inside is the presence of absolute goodness and love...God.    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,undec,very st,"100,000+",colle,governm,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
873,DEE,1436,43,,F,Please see question #43. I think Ive said it all there.    ,,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some, After,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
874,DEE,1422,2,,M,See above.    ,,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,Infant,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
875,ME ,1560,38,,F,"So what does a person who has been through such an experience do \xe2\x80\x98after\xe2\x80\x99, in this material world that was seen to be non-existent? Well, one waits. One observes. One notices and surrenders those attachments and aversions as they arise \xe2\x80\x93 because it is those attachments and aversions that keep consciousness located in a body. One learns to sit through the seemingly tough bits without labeling, without \xe2\x80\x9cmaking\xe2\x80\x9d the energy into \xe2\x80\x9cthings\xe2\x80\x9d until the discomfort dissipates of its own accord. And when one is truly ready to go through \xe2\x80\x9cthe final doorway\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x93 it would seem that one simply agrees, and lets go.    ",,Canadian,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Writer,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
876,ME ,1049,34,,F,"After experiencing Jesus in meditation, I continued to have visions of myself in my church and reminders that since college I had wanted to go to divinty school. I had not followed this calling due to a teaching degree, marriage, children etc and had all but forgotten it. Here in this thin place, it returned with great strength.    ",,United St,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Yoga te,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
877,ADC,1022,63,,F,We could not believe it at first. We both made other calls. What we felt was incredable love and joy.    ,,American,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
878,DEE,1541,65,,M,"My STE is a Divine Entity Encounter, at least I think that is the closest description of it. I have reported this in my book; Jesus Who. I suspect it was the Spirit of God, but it could have been an angle.  Personal Story; A love tap of Understanding For several years, I could not accept that all the people in a couple of Old Testament cities were killed by Joshua\xe2\x80\x99s army. Joshua 11:11-12 What about the infants and young children? Why should they die a terrible death for the sins of their parents? I was thrown a curve by this story. How could God do such a terrible thing? This was not merciful. This was a big problem for me and remained so for years. These young children could have been taken into homes of decent people and they would have no knowledge of their biological parents or their old lifestyles. Then one day I was praying about this and I got something like a gentle slap on the head, an interruption of my consciousness from outside myself, likely from the Spirit of God; I clearly heard. \xe2\x80\x9cThe souls of the innocents were taken a moment before they died.\xe2\x80\x9d So when the sword hit, the children were in a persistent vegetative state in that God had already taken their souls to safety. What a relief! I was elated. Then about five seconds later, I thought; Hey, wait a minute. Did God really tell me that, or did I just make it up to ease my own distress? Straight away I got a second interruption and I clearly heard that voice again; \xe2\x80\x9cIf you did make it up, how much wiser and more merciful is your Father in Heaven.\xe2\x80\x9d Wow! It was definitely not my voice or my words. The old fashioned style is not the way I use words or language! Plus the fact that it came as an interruption to my thoughts (hey, pay attention). I am convinced that it was Divinely given personal information to help me get over this stumbling block. Most wonderful of all, notice that the communication was loving, not angry. I had just assumed, that God would be angry with me for being dumb, weak and sinful, because I was often angry with myself for those reasons. The improbable lovingness and civility of this communication kept me in a state of astonishment for several years and still causes breathlessness when I recall it to mind. How could the all powerful God love such a dumb, weak and sinful little man? Is that an improbable enough God for you? It sure is for me and I do have faith in Him. He\xe2\x80\x99s got you, He\xe2\x80\x99s got you and He\xe2\x80\x99s got your back. Don\xe2\x80\x99t worry about anything because all this earthly stuff, everything here, is ridiculously trivial to Him. I thank God for showing Himself to me as a loving father and I do feel very blessed for it. God is love and I suspect that humans have been programmed by God to love our children so that we, in our human pettiness, would have at least some experience of what love is. \xe2\x80\x9cAnyone who loves God must also love their brother and sister\xe2\x80\x9d. 1 John 4:21 So we are supposed to love one another, that means love everyone always. So just know that you too may reasonably expect that the one and only God will communicate with you about your Christian concerns and that it will come out of the clear blue sky and be a loving personal answer. He is the same loving God for all of us, even those people we don\xe2\x80\x99t care for. As improbable as it is, God loves us all. You will come to be as fond of your new Christian memories as you are of your actual childhood memories, because there is a mighty and loving Father helping you through a difficult and confusing adolescents. If you missed out on that from your biological father, you will find your Heavenly Father especially wonderful and loving. Really. God never said that the Bible is all there is to know. It is implied that the Bible is the minimum you should know and there may be certain things that He will communicate to help you personally if you ask Him. Waiting for God to answer is fairly short term, it is not the classic; Waiting For Godoe. God is for real.     ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
879,NDE,1331,12,,M,"I was bleeding internally after my tonsiectomy and threw up 2 quarts of blood. In the emergency room I barely could stay awake and just wanted to so badly sleep. As the rushed me into the OR I passed out. Next morning I awoke and never felt better. Then I got the details from my mom that it took 3 Dr.s and 3 interns to hold me down because I was thrashing about while they attempted to give me the transfusion. I then remembered seeing myself in the bed as this all happened but I saw it from above and saw my mom crying as the Priest read me last rites. Then I started to rise away from the scene and the white light appeared like a brightly lit hallway. As I moved through it the bright light gave way to an open non descript colorless area and there was my Grandpa. I ran up to him and hugged him around his waist and he patted me on the head as he said so good to see you Jay. I just started rattling off all the things we would do, go fishing etc. and he looked down and me and smiled as he listened to my enthusiastic descriptions. He held my hand and squatted down and said son...not now, not yet, you have to go back to your mother and be there for her and you have so much more to do yet before we can be together. And then I started to fade away from him as he waved. that was it.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Child,,single,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,youth
880,ME ,1325,15,,F,"THIS IS THE OPENING PARAGRAPH OF A BOOK IM WRITING: I was going on fifteen when the Creator of the universe decided to zap me, at a junior high Bible study I\xe2\x80\x99d gone to for purely social reasons. (I\xe2\x80\x99d known I was gay for about a year, but\xe2\x80\x94happily\xe2\x80\x94the process of chasing girls wasn\xe2\x80\x99t really any different from what most of my friends were doing to chase boys.) After a half hour or so of chips and dip, Hawaiian Punch, and awkward attempts to impress our newfound objects of desire, we giggly adolescents settled down in our classmate\xe2\x80\x99s living room, and the Presbyterian minister began a simple talk about the parable of the sower. A few minutes into it, suddenly a huge presence\xe2\x80\x94way too big and powerful to be a product of my imagination\xe2\x80\x94was lifting me up and showing me, in a blinding flash of light and truth, that everything on Earth was contained within a sort of giant aquarium, which was itself part of a larger world where everything was filled with love and light. Suspended, just for an instant, above the sofas and chairs and paintings, I knew everything was going to be OK, and that nothing earthly was really very important in itself, due to the planet\xe2\x80\x99s position as a world within a larger world. A minute or two later, I tuned back in to the minister\xe2\x80\x99s talk, and he was on the last category of the sower\xe2\x80\x99s seed, that which fell on the good soil and yielded a hundredfold crop. This made my brain feel like it was going to explode with joy.     ",,US citize,"100,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",docto,ninth g,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
881,ME ,1221,69,,F,"This mist continued to fill my hallway each night until on the 4th night I asked outloud, please show yourself to me, tell me who you are.  In my doorway midway down vertically and completely across the doorway horizontally appeared a band of shimmering, satiny white light which proceeded to make an arch like a path to the end of my bed where it stopped. The light was just as wide as the footboard of the bed in which I sleep.  I heard nothing, I smelt nothing and the light remained only seconds at the foot of my bed.    ",,citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Ordaine,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
882,DEE,1046,35,,M,"few weeks ago I had a powerful experience. I wouldnt call it a dream. I needed to write it down so I can remember the full intensity of the experience. Also to be able to reflect upon it, both now and in the future.        It has taken me sometime to get it all down; I have laboured to get every moment, every feeling, every thought that I had during it down on these pages- there was a lot to it. Its taken upwards of three weeks to get it all down completely. The experience started with a prayer to God I made the night previous. The prayer was; To show me a path out of my dilemma, and to show me how I got to be where I am now. I went to sleep that night and then I found myself in a familiar room from my past. I found myself in a spectacular room packed with Christmas presents, Christmas ornaments, and a Christmas tree. All unique in the fact that they were all composed of the same colours; black and silver. It was beautiful. It was breathtaking. It was simply astounding to be in the room.        I have a memory of being in that room, long, long ago, possibly even prior to my birth into this world. I remember being in the room and playing with many other children there, all of whom were equally astounded to be there. After playing for a while in this room the adults there began to give away Christmas presents to all of the children. I received my FIRST Christmas present there. I watched, as the other children opened their boxes and they received all kinds of toys, exquisite clothing and other gifts that were extraordinary to be sure, but I chose to wait till the end of the presentations to get my box towards the last. At my turn to receive a gift, what I found inside my box was a small floating glowing crystal.  The adults there asked me if I wanted it. I remember looking at it with intense curiosity. It shone brightly in silver, and then would fade to black- but even then when it was completely black, you could still discern that it was a beautiful crystal. Then after awhile it would lighten, it would become black for a while and then it would become somewhat silver, and then fade back some then again silver and then again black. Sometimes completely black and sometimes brightly silver. Some of the other children had received this type of crystal, as well, in their first Christmas presents. All of the crystals were similar, but each shone and faded at different intervals and for different periods of time. I examined some of the other lucky childrens crystals, some shone brightly silver most of the time, others would shine and then fade at regular intervals, others were erratic- shining and fading at seemingly random intervals. All were beautiful and all looked extremely fragile. All of the other kids who had not received a crystal were jealous of what the lucky children had received. It was like they had not passed some type of a test of character and they were not yet ready for this type of a gift. Again, the adults there in the room with me expressed some doubt, and asked me if I wanted my present? Again I looked and compared my crystal with what the other lucky children had, my crystal with this second look seemed somehow defective. My crystal had long periods where it would be completely dark, several periods where it would be between dark and light, and very short periods where it would shine brighter than any of the other crystals. Then it occurred to me that this wasnt a defective crystal at all, but in fact, a unique crystal that was completely different from any of the others that I had seen. I said yes- I wanted my present, and this present, this present of this oddly glowing and fading crystal was actually the gift of a life in this world. I got my life out of it. The other lucky children got their lives out of their crystals as well, each life different from the next.        This time, now, that I was in the room, everything was the same except there were no other children here. I was equally astounded to be in this meticulously decorated room and yet, I had a sense that I didnt want any of it. That it was just a memory from long ago, and that having matured to middle age- I didnt want any of it anymore. It was like the passing of a stage. How many of the other children had settled for the shiny wrappers and the electric thrills, ornamental clothing and toys, and I, like a few other lucky ones, had waited till the last and received the most precious gift of all- a life, and now I didnt want mine anymore!  And from here I felt I had passed a stage into another room up above the room I had been in. I was lifted up on a strange device that swung me back and forth, gradually upwards towards this other room further up above. This next room was an empty schoolroom, barren and empty except for a freshly shiny-waxed floor and a man in what appeared to be a secu",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Truck d,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
883,ME ,1501,57,,F,"What I learned was that I can truly trust my intuition and feelings. If something doesnt feel right, it isnt.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Retired,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
884,ME ,1269,59,,F,"(Repeat of #43) I was driving my car alone and running errands during the daytime. It was an ordinary, sunny July day during the week. I was driving past the Briarcliff Congregational Church in Briarcliff Manor, New York, a small, Westchester County suburban community, a one-hour drive north of Manhattan. I glanced over at the churchs directory sign to read it. It said You say theres distance between you and God. Who moved? I immediately stopped my car and held up traffic, stared at those words and thought for a few seconds about that question. I remember answering that question to myself: I moved. It was I who moved because God doesnt move. Hes all around us. I suddenly realized what I was saying and I said to myself: Why am I answering this question? I dont believe in God. Then I started to cry and I was shaking in my car. It was a soft cry and a mild shaking. But I was aware that I was being moved by something. I heard the car horns blaring behind me but ignored them. I knew I had to make an instant decision to stay with this feeling or cut it off, ignore it and continue on with my chores. Although I was a little frightened at the unknown feelings and event that were overtaking me, I decided to stay with my feelings. I pulled across the street into the empty parking lot of the little Briarcliff Public Library and parked in a quiet corner of the lot. I sat crying and shaking and let whatever it was overtake me. I was still a little frightened but I decided to trust the event. I suddenly looked down and saw that my chest was ethereally slowly opening up and a current of wavy air was entering my chest. This did not at all frighten me. I did not hear anything, touch anything or smell anything. (With me, all my visions, signs and visits by Holy Spirit were always visual. I guess since God made me a visual artist, It comes to me in a visual form.) God then played with me a game of spiritual connect the dots. It released from my memory spiritual experiences from my past that I had heretofore forgotten but remembered when they became fresh again in my memory. (Ill be registering each one in separate forms on your site.) I was sitting in my car for about one half hour and in that half hour I went from believing nothing to believing everything. I knew there really was a God. I knew that Jesus was the Son of God. I knew there really was a Holy Spirit. I knew the Bible was true. And I felt that God wanted me to be Christian, so I converted myself from Judaism to Christianity on the spot. No one came over to me while I sat in my car. I was infused with a tremendous new and exciting spiritual energy and couldnt wait to go home and tell Hank, my husband, all about it.    ",,I am a U.,"50,000",atheist,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,I am an,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
885,ME ,1424,52,,F,"I believed, but did not know God exists. Now, I am certain. I dreamed of information that I had no knowledge of, and thus, could not have come from my subconscious. Later, when frightful dread permeated my mind and body, a suffering that could crush a soul, as my husband underwent quadruple bypass surgery on October 8, 2012, the information provided Divine Comfort. I am reverently thankful to the Divine Comfort that I held on to during the terrifying hours. While I prayed, the dream where my husband said, Just for 2 &#189; hours, was with me, together with the faith that I will have him back, alive and well, after that. Many thanks, all-good and all-loving God, for embracing my husband, our family, and me, especially through the very difficult 2 &#189; hours.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",colle,Busines,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
886,ADC,1226,40,,F,    ,,United St,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
887,DEE,1336,37,,F,It was just like a tiny orb darting in then out of the room. I was a little scared but also a little comforted thinking it might be my grandfather. It moved fast and deliberate. I never stayed at my grandmothers house again in fear that it might happen again.     ,,uS citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,Stay at,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
888,ME ,1043,33,,F,I felt absolute love peace. a healing. It happened spontaneously. I longed after this to have more of it and have it happen more frequently.    ,,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
889,ADC,1378,29,,F,I observed my uncle sitting in a chair in our spare bedroom and communicating mind to mind about the place or current state he was communicating from. I was happy to see him but was unable to comprehend the message he was sending. I left knowing that his consciousness survived his death 7 months earlier. He was wearing an old white sweat shirt and tan pants that I remembered him wearing in the past. I learned that he was OK and in no pain or distress.    ,,USA citiz,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,College,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
890,NDE,1411,18,,F,"I remember very vividly everything, unlike most memories, this one has never faded. I found myself above my mom and the dog going up the stairs, though I didnt realize it until later, I thought Id just been following them. As she got to the phone, she yelled at the dog, because he was acting up, and made the call.  When she gave the wrong address to the dispatcher (who knew me well since I worked there), and then gave the right address, I could hear what the dispatcher was saying (Sherry? the one who works here? (mom: yes, we need you right away, shes not breathing and we dont know whats wrong Dispatcher: well be there right away, Im sending them out now.) My mom hung up the phone without saying goodbye. Shortly after that I was back in my body, my Dad had lifted me by the shoulders and it dislodged my tongue from my throat and allowed air in. When my mom came into the room I asked her why shed given them our address and the wrong address at that, and why shed yelled at the dog, he wasnt doing anything wrong. She looked at me shocked, and said shed not given the wrong address, and I said she did, then she remembered she had. While in the floating state, everything was just so vibrant, alive..even the air felt alive to me, like it was swirling around me, in an almost comforting way. But the colors, the sounds....they were...just incredible, I cant even come up with words that describe it, there are none.  I didnt hear music or anything, but it was more of a .... well, a sound like.......you know what a creek sounds like when the water moves smoothly over rocks, the soft rushing sound? It was similar to that. (yes another thing I have no description of, only the memory of the sound.) It was extremely soothing, peaceful, and the lights even seemed so much brighter, everything did.     ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Fire De,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
891,OBE,1338,23,,F,"What I learned was the day this happened to me was my fathers birthday he turned 50, he called me the day after and when I said what did you do on your birthday, he said he was away at his caravan, and he spent the whole day of his 50th sitting at the table in the caravan on his own.    ",,Australia,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,never,seldom,avera,none,"0 24,999",High,Bookkee,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
892,ME ,1211,51,,F,"I was SO comforted, both at the time and later when I found his body. I knew he was loved and safe and free from the struggles of his life here. I learned that there was no judgment of Steve for his life that, from a human perspective, would be considered wasted. The feelings, the awareness, took me far beyond the teachings of my legalistic religious childhood.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Masters,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
893,ADC,1069,43,,F,"In my dream, I was sitting on my front porch on a concrete bench, enjoying a beautiful sunny day. As i looked into the blue sky, I saw little pinpoints of light appearing one of which became larger and larger and hovered over me. I understood it to say that my brother was coming to see me and I turned to see him sitting beside me on the bench. He teased me about my jewelry (something he did quite a lot)and told me he loved me. I got to tell him goodbye and tell him I loved him as well. Then, He was gone.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Physica,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
894,NDA,1285,36,,M,"Once I realized that I was disoriented and air supply finally depleted, I surrendered to lose my life. I felt a sudden peace that I cannot explain in words. I did not have a NDE but felt a warming sensation (though water temp was about 40 degrees F)and I was aware of a loving presence that was just beyond a veil Keep in mind that visibility was minus zero so all these sensations were permeating, nothing visual at all...I can only compare them to a force like a magnet pulling on a ferrous object              ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,busines,,divor,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
895,ME ,1269,59,,F,"(Repeat of #43) I was driving my car alone and running errands during the daytime. It was an ordinary, sunny July day during the week. I was driving past the Briarcliff Congregational Church in Briarcliff Manor, New York, a small, Westchester County suburban community, a one-hour drive north of Manhattan. I glanced over at the churchs directory sign to read it. It said You say theres distance between you and God. Who moved? I immediately stopped my car and held up traffic, stared at those words and thought for a few seconds about that question. I remember answering that question to myself: I moved. It was I who moved because God doesnt move. Hes all around us. I suddenly realized what I was saying and I said to myself: Why am I answering this question? I dont believe in God. Then I started to cry and I was shaking in my car. It was a soft cry and a mild shaking. But I was aware that I was being moved by something. I heard the car horns blaring behind me but ignored them. I knew I had to make an instant decision to stay with this feeling or cut it off, ignore it and continue on with my chores. Although I was a little frightened at the unknown feelings and event that were overtaking me, I decided to stay with my feelings. I pulled across the street into the empty parking lot of the little Briarcliff Public Library and parked in a quiet corner of the lot. I sat crying and shaking and let whatever it was overtake me. I was still a little frightened but I decided to trust the event. I suddenly looked down and saw that my chest was ethereally slowly opening up and a current of wavy air was entering my chest. This did not at all frighten me. I did not hear anything, touch anything or smell anything. (With me, all my visions, signs and visits by Holy Spirit were always visual. I guess since God made me a visual artist, It comes to me in a visual form.) God then played with me a game of spiritual connect the dots. It released from my memory spiritual experiences from my past that I had heretofore forgotten but remembered when they became fresh again in my memory. (Ill be registering each one in separate forms on your site.) I was sitting in my car for about one half hour and in that half hour I went from believing nothing to believing everything. I knew there really was a God. I knew that Jesus was the Son of God. I knew there really was a Holy Spirit. I knew the Bible was true. And I felt that God wanted me to be Christian, so I converted myself from Judaism to Christianity on the spot. No one came over to me while I sat in my car. I was infused with a tremendous new and exciting spiritual energy and couldnt wait to go home and tell Hank, my husband, all about it.    ",,I am a U.,"50,000",atheist,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,I am an,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
896,DEE,1205,45,,F,"Well it has been a few years, but here is what happened. I was at Mass. We attend weekly. This week, for some reason, my eyes kept being drawn towards the rafters above the altar. I kept feeling a presence, actually two, playfully going from rafter to rafter. Ive felt presences before, never at church. Whenever I do, I usually just ignore, or if it is strong enough, tell it to call on the name of Christ. So the feeling kept getting stronger and stronger, I finally stated silently for the things to play quieter so I could concentrate on the Mass. They didnt leave though. And we lined up for the Holy Eucharist, and I received the Body of Christ from Rita, a long time parishoner and dedicated Eucharistic minister. As soon as she gave the Host to me, I didnt even get to walk to my seat when I heard a loud CRASH! The silver bowl witht the Host was dropped because Rita collapsed and died on the spot. As soon as that happened, I slowly felt the presences leave. Come to find out about a week later at Ritas funeral, that she used to be a nun, she was in love with the Eucharist, and her life-long wish was to die IN THE CHURCH, GIVING OUT THE EUCHARIST. Those angels in the rafters (or whatever celestial beings they were) were there for Rita. I only observed, or felt their presence. This isnt the first time Ive felt unearthly presences, but most definitely the strongest. You can check on Ritas death if you want to confirm this, just let me know and I will give you the name of the parish and the presiding priest. Please keep me nameless, for now. Thank you.     ",,US citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,avera,"100,000+",Some,Office,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
897,OBE,1421,54,,F,I saw what I imagine must have been a vision:very simply clouds &amp; sunlight in a bright sky but I was in the sky about plane height. The vision was incredibly clear a dream would me very fuzzy in comparison. I could SEE every detail    ,,South Afr,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,avera,moder,"0 24,999",some,medical,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
898,ADC,1428,47,,F,"My father came to me in a dream that night. I dont remember if I saw him but I remember him telling me, Get a sledge hammer and give the drum a good knock and it will pop off there. My father was a mechanic and an electrician and I was his family helper with mechanics. He was also a man of few words, so our conversation didnt go beyond that from my recollection.    ",,USA Citiz,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Buddhist,,,seld,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",maste,Masters,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
899,ADC,1196,58,,F,"I felt exhilarated to see her! I felt sad to leave her. I was aware of the joyousness of the space I was in. I felt it was a treat and for some reason, I was given this gift. I knew it was not a dream, but an experience. I didnt understand (and still dont know) how this could be, other than my spirit traveled to where she was. She did not come to me. I went to her. Ive had two visits from my deceased father and in those events, he came to me. This was different.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Busines,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
900,NDA,1208,53,,M," While semi-conscious, I was transported to a barren planet where I received a review of my life andwas sure that I would have to spend eternity alone.I was sure I was in Hell. I recived guidance to Return to the church of your youth and atone for your sins I was scared out of my wits.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Colonel,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
901,ADC,1405,47,,F,"I instantly told my husband My father just caressed my cheek, as I looked at the clock to see the time (4:45 approximate).    ",,U.S.    Q,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
902,ME ,1161,4,,F,"Standing in the back yard, deep in thought, suddenly, I was high above everything looking down at myself on the ground. I somehow knew that nothing mattered. I was part of something so much larger that my existence on earth was minor. I surely didnt think those thoughts as a child, but had a knowing that all of this was true. I can still feel it now. Then I was back on the ground, just looking around. Although Ive come to view these three STEs as mystical, I am not wondering if they are out-of-body. Doesnt feel that way, but could be.    ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,n/a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
903,ADC,1080,45,,F,The woman had just had a reading from the psychic and was complaining that the psychic had not communicated with the womans father who had died recently and she was disappointed. Even though I had been psychic myself for many years I didnt event think it was possible for a psychic to communicate with those who had passed. Immediately after I had that thought I saw the womans father standing next to her. He looked at me smiling and told me telepathically that he loved his daughter and would always be with her. He had one hand on her shoulder and the other on her hands which were folded in her lap.    ,,Citizen,1 mill,atheist,atheist,Jewish,Unaffilia,,,never,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,Marriag,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
904,SDE,1308,41,,F,"After I fell to the ground and my father was with me we chatted like normal, then all of a sudden he said we have to go and see my step-mother and brother. The whole time I experienced this the beautiful warmth and light was upon me, to describe the light as best I can, is like having a massive spotlight place over you and the rim of the light is pure white and protective, inside the light is the perfect warmth, like the temperature is set to perfection. As we walked over to my step-mother I said to her please dont be afraid I have Dad with me and he wants you to know this, I then placed my hand just under her left shoulder and just above her breast and said Dad wants you to know he loves you with all his heart and soul the look on my step-mothers face was shock and tears welled in her eyes. We then walked over to my Brother (who had a 20 yr feud with my sister) I said to him again, please dont be afraid I have Dad with me and he wants you to know, with that I then placed my hand over his stomach, and said Dad understands the feud between he and my sister is deep seated within them and could they please let the past be and find a way to love each other again, my brother was also shocked....I told him again, not to be afraid. After I gave these messages to my family, we walked over to a rose garden, the whole time the light was with me and the most beautiful, euphoric feeling I can not describe was with me. In between the messages I kept repeating to Dad how beautiful it was. When we sat at the rose garden, Dad asked me if there was anything they could do (we werent allowed to tell him during the week he was dying) I said there wasnt the cancer had spread to most of his body and I just kept also repeating Look Dad, look how beautiful it is I was just in awe of it. With that he was gone and I was back to reality. I returned to the motel we were staying at, thinking that the experience was spurred on by lack of sleep or stress. I thought I was losing my mind. Later that day I returned to the Hospital and was in the kitchen when a nurse came in and I told her that I thought I had lost my mind and was it normal when a loved one was dying, I told her about what I had experienced and thinking she would agree that it was stress induced, the nurse (Paula) then stated that is exactly what Dad would experience when he does finally pass. I was shocked. We both returned to Dads room only to find he was awake and outside in the courtyard, with two other nurses beside him. We couldnt believe it. He was telling my brother, as best he could as for most of the week it was hard to make sense out of much he was saying to us, he told my brother he had enough and then looked straight at me and said I have had enough Im ready to go because its beautiful isnt it buttons (a nickname Dad callled me) I was shocked but replied with a smile and said It certainly is Dad. The most wonderful calm came across me and I knew then everything would be alright. Paula (the nurse) then placed her hand on my shoulder and said, There is your confirmation. Later the next day, we all couldnt believe it when my brother and sister were standing in Dads room, hugging each other and genuinely sharing a laugh together. I then softly whispered in Dads ear, See Dad, you did it, I heard you and they are getting along now, everything is ok and you can go now. I know he heard me as I felt a weak grip on my hand as I was holding his hand. A few days later I found out that the messages I had given to my step-mother and brother were almost identical to what my Dad was trying to say the morning I had the experience with my father. I wasnt in the room at the time.    ",,Australia,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",High,Busines,,marri,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
905,ME ,1360,48,,F,"The temple or church was really beautiful and complicated, it had curly cue tops, architecture like you might see in Burma or Thailand. The entire thing was made out of bone that had been polished. It was made from human bone! But for some reason this wasnt creepy at all. It was kind of like, the bones of the maryters or something? It was a way to honor them? Anyway, we were going in to check it out. I had a group of kids to watch, 4 or 5 of them. My daughter wasnt there as I remember, I think she had gone ahead. There were some boys who were slower and lagging from the general group so I stayed back with them to encourage them to keep going not to get so far behind. They moved along but something very strongly encouraged me to remain in that room for just a few minutes. We were in a small darker, cove like part of the Cathedral, there was an alter, seemed like lots of candles and gold and polished marble and polished bone inside the room. At the right to the altar where was an extremely intricately carved place, it was like the kind of carving you might see on an elephant tusk that the Chinese can do. But this was all people and scenes from the Bible. In the middle there was the nativity scene. Mary and joseph were there and baby jesus. I could see a teeny tiny well, with a pump. I stayed there waiting and then I heard a sound that was like a radio being dialed into tune, lots of static and voices. Finally one voice became clear. It was Marys! She had an accent! Like a very old one from a language that is not spoken anymore. But she spoke to me in English. She told me to pump some water from the well into this teeny tiny cup. So I did that, the cup was even smaller than a thimble. I wasnt sure what I supposed to do with it? Dip my fingers into it and make the sign of the cross like Holy Water? Or drink it? I didnt want to offend or do that wrong thing! She told me to drink it! But it understood immediately that it was to be just a small amount, I was not to drink the entire thing. This was for my own good, so that I would not become greedy. She said as I sipped some, This is soup. Nourishment for the world.    ",,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",maste,Childre,,marri,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
906,DEE,1247,25,,M,"I chanted HU (an ancient name for God on the path of ECKANKAR) after asking to see the ECK Master Rebezar Tarz. In a couple of moments he appeared in my inner vision, his head and shoulders. It was the most incredible experience I have ever had. It was more real than reality. It lasted perhaps a second, two seconds, but I will never forget it. I saw him in full living breathing color. I was looking at him in full conscious awareness, I was not asleep, I was awake. There was LOVE, LOVE pouring off of him, streaming out of him in every direction, so much LOVE I couldnt imagine it. Its more LOVE than anyone could imagine exists and yet it did, and along with that LOVE was LIGHT the most intense but INVISIBLE LIGHT anyone could ever witness, it was invisible but it was as bright as bright could be. The intensity of the LOVE and the LIGHT flowing from this MAGNIFICENT BEING was beyond what my mind could grasp. I couldnt look at it, I turned my face slightly away, although this was all happening within me, I turned it slightly away because what I was seeing and what I was experiencing stunned my human mind, stunned it because the beauty of it, the transcendence of it and the LOVE itself was beyond human imagination. Then it was over. I will never forget it. Now, 35 years later, I still return to it in thought, it is still alive, it is still real. I have had many many other spiritual experiences over the years but this is perhaps the most profound. Any doubts I had about the existence of Rebezar Tarz or other ECK Masters disappeared. It changed my life, 2 seconds in a motel in South Dakota.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Janitor,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
907,OBE,1499,4,,F,"My experience is difficult to define, the feeling of being in a heavenly place cannot be defined. I knew it was euphoric, a continuous euphoria. I know one day I will return there. I look forward to it with longing. I do not fear death. I also know that I have a purpose. I do not remember what that purpose is. It baffles me. I believe I have lived before. I have no recollection of past lives, but I definitely believe God sent me back, I believe I was angry about that for I know how challenging life on earth is. I do believe everyones life has a purpose, it is not random. I have had a very difficult, and challenging life. I have struggled more than most, so I find it difficult to understand what my purpose is.    ",,Im a US c,1 2000,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,none,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
908,DEE,1503,42,,M,I had decided to do the plant based medicine Ibogaine HCL from Africa at my home with two friends present who were helpers and care givers if required. After taking Ibogaine 18.5 milligrams I began to feel dizzy and went and laid in my bed. Lights were off and all windows were darkened. I was semi sat up in bed with eyes wide open the whole experience. Post two hrs I began seeing light of all colours pour through my ceiling and into my room. I felt at the last point my body being raised and a sense of lightness. About 30 mins after all color had stopped flowing into my room where everything became kinda pixelated. I could see energy like dust particles clearly and then I could see masses of energy which quickly became vivid people in spirit. I could continue to see spirits seven in all and spiders and a big bull frog up until dusk. This the ibogaine wore off and everyone slowly disappeared again. It was miraculous.    ,,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,week,moder,very st,"50,000 99",High,Retired,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
909,NDA,1285,36,,M,"Once I realized that I was disoriented and air supply finally depleted, I surrendered to lose my life. I felt a sudden peace that I cannot explain in words. I did not have a NDE but felt a warming sensation (though water temp was about 40 degrees F)and I was aware of a loving presence that was just beyond a veil Keep in mind that visibility was minus zero so all these sensations were permeating, nothing visual at all...I can only compare them to a force like a magnet pulling on a ferrous object              ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,busines,,divor,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
910,ME ,1129,25,,M,See above.    ,,US citize,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,undec,none,"0 24,999",Some,Oh geez,,single,single,Yes,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
911,ME ,1553,42,,M,It is described in full detail in my webpage that Google brings up in search for nirvikalpa samadhi journey    ,,Born in B,2001 2,agnostic,atheist,Unaffilia,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Underwa,,divor,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
912,DEE,1540,47,,F,"I lost my father to lung cancer in December 2015. My dad was one of the two people I love more in the world. The experience was tearing, painful beyond words, also due the feeling of being abandoned in the hospice with my dad by the rest of the family, who I felt like they just wanted to get it done and over with. I have never felt more lost, alone and helpless in my life and I could not understand how this could be happening to a loving person like my dad. About 6 months later something very unique happened to me and I still can not make sense of it. I know I had been thinking about my dad that morning, desperately asking him to let me know if he was ok, like I was doing almost every day. I was standing in front of the mirror getting ready for work when I realized that I could see clearly only directly in front of me, while to both sides reality appeared to be melting into some sort of vertical waves. I had the strong feeling of some sort of presence, but at the same time I was getting increasingly scared that something was seriously wrong with me. The experience must have lasted more than 20 seconds, but this is just a guess. As I turned around to go downstairs to ask for help my vision and the room went back to normal. I now wish I did not get so worried because by doing so I might have stopped the experience. Since then I have tried many times to bring back those moments as I really would like to know what all of that was, but with no success. I have read many STE but I have not found anything similar to what I have experienced. I know that whatever it was it was real and I have not imagined it. If anybody has any idea of the significance of my experience I would be extremely grateful if they could get in contact with me to help me understand what happened that day. Thank you.     ",,Italian,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"0 24,999",some,self em,,marri,marri,Unc,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
913,NDA,1470,43,,M,"I did not see anything. I felt a sensation like energy pouring through me. It felt positively energizing. I heard the phrase No matter what happens, everything will be ok. I feel like I was somehow changed by that experience because I feel like I do not have to worry about my father. I cannot explain why I have this peace.    ",,Legal U.S,"50,000",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,undec,littl,"50,000 99",colle,Longsho,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
914,ME ,1325,15,,F,"THIS IS THE OPENING PARAGRAPH OF A BOOK IM WRITING: I was going on fifteen when the Creator of the universe decided to zap me, at a junior high Bible study I\xe2\x80\x99d gone to for purely social reasons. (I\xe2\x80\x99d known I was gay for about a year, but\xe2\x80\x94happily\xe2\x80\x94the process of chasing girls wasn\xe2\x80\x99t really any different from what most of my friends were doing to chase boys.) After a half hour or so of chips and dip, Hawaiian Punch, and awkward attempts to impress our newfound objects of desire, we giggly adolescents settled down in our classmate\xe2\x80\x99s living room, and the Presbyterian minister began a simple talk about the parable of the sower. A few minutes into it, suddenly a huge presence\xe2\x80\x94way too big and powerful to be a product of my imagination\xe2\x80\x94was lifting me up and showing me, in a blinding flash of light and truth, that everything on Earth was contained within a sort of giant aquarium, which was itself part of a larger world where everything was filled with love and light. Suspended, just for an instant, above the sofas and chairs and paintings, I knew everything was going to be OK, and that nothing earthly was really very important in itself, due to the planet\xe2\x80\x99s position as a world within a larger world. A minute or two later, I tuned back in to the minister\xe2\x80\x99s talk, and he was on the last category of the sower\xe2\x80\x99s seed, that which fell on the good soil and yielded a hundredfold crop. This made my brain feel like it was going to explode with joy.     ",,US citize,"100,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",docto,ninth g,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
915,ME ,1156,63,,F,"I have been seeing crystal triangles for 13 years. There is no particular interval between. The triangles are very bright and should hurt my eyes but do not and are like the crystals from a rainbow maker only much more intense. They link to me and I feel some alteration within myself, like enhancing my awareness. Its difficult to do anything else when this happens. I heard nothing. Asked my husband to join me and put the triangles over his head. The triangles stay in the same place in my vision wherever I turn my head. My eyes are healthy and I only wear glasses for driving and very close work. They are tested regularly. The triangles lasted around 20 minutes and my husband saw only my aura which he said was silver. He could feel something but could not be specific. I sat in meditation and opened chakras. I feel that what I received was some affirmation that my spiritual pathway is on the right lines and my progress was moving forwards. I had a strong feeling to phone another medium and friend of the one who had gone to spirit. We had a long conversation and exchanged some useful information that each needed.    ",,British,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Some,Yoga Tu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
916,ADC,1110,42,,M,"Sr. Mary Joan was 96 when she deceased. She had a particular devotion to St. Theresa, The little Flower. When Sister would petition the Little Flower typically the sign of flowers would appear. Sister once told me that when I met my wife, I would receive a sign and I did.  I had bought a new cell phone, Sister was ill but not dying or anything. I had not spoke to her in a couple of months and had been meaning to go to Camilla Hall (IHM nun retirement) for a visit.  One day while checking for a water leak outside on December 13th, I noticed my rosebushes were in bloom. I immediately thought of Sister and what is she up too now. I called and was told she died. I clipped the roses and gave one to each of my family and put the rest in a bag for her niece. I didnt know how many there were so I dropped off the bag. 5 siblings and 5 roses. I know in my heart of hearts the roses were a sign of her giving me a heads up on her passing. We were very close. She died a month before.    ",,USA Citiz,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Softwar,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
917,SDE,1278,62,,F,"I was attending a morning funeral of my Bible Study leader, a very kind man named David C., on Saturday, March 15, 2008 at the Trinity Episcopal Church in New York. The large church was packed, as David was much beloved. He was a top executive at Citibank and many co-workers were there. David was a fairly young man at 50 when he passed suddenly of a massive heart attack while he was working out before work at his local gym. While sitting in the church listening to Davids eulogies, his beloved friend and pastor (forgot his name) got up to speak at the front of the church, with Davids coffin near him. I suddenly looked up and midway between the peoples heads and the high ceiling, I saw something that looked different. It was air. Normally, you do not see air but I saw an oval-shaped, contained body of wavy air about 6-7 feet long, hovering near the front of the church where the people were sitting. The wavy air didnt move from its position. It didnt go up or down or right or left. I didnt hear anything, taste anything or touch anything while looking at this image. I just saw it. I didnt feel anything in particular. I just stared at it, without feeling, which is how I usually react when Im witnessing a miracle or something spiritual from God. At some point I stopped looking at it, probably when the funeral was over. In the next day or two I thought about the contained body of wavy air and then I knew that was Davids spirit or soul watching his own funeral, wanting to be there with his beloved wife, sons, family, friends and co-workers. I sent an email to everyone I knew at the funeral to tell them that Davids soul was present with us at his funeral. I hand wrote a note to Davids widow, Cathy, to tell her that David was with her and their sons at his funeral. No one responded to my mail. What the viewing of the wavy air told me was that the Soul and/or Spirit is real. I saw it with my own eyes. Also, that we humans dont really die, we pass on. Yes, our bodies die but our souls are then released and return back into Eternity with God. I like to tell as many people as I can the comforting news that we dont really die, we pass on. And that the Soul, Spirit is real and returns to God when we pass. Some people express comfort to me when I tell them. Some people just stare at me. I feel my job is to just tell people the good news of what I experience spiritually. Whether they believe me or not is up to them. I dont try to convince them that what Im saying is true. I just tell them for them to do with whatever they like.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
918,DEE,1541,65,,M,"My STE is a Divine Entity Encounter, at least I think that is the closest description of it. I have reported this in my book; Jesus Who. I suspect it was the Spirit of God, but it could have been an angle.  Personal Story; A love tap of Understanding For several years, I could not accept that all the people in a couple of Old Testament cities were killed by Joshua\xe2\x80\x99s army. Joshua 11:11-12 What about the infants and young children? Why should they die a terrible death for the sins of their parents? I was thrown a curve by this story. How could God do such a terrible thing? This was not merciful. This was a big problem for me and remained so for years. These young children could have been taken into homes of decent people and they would have no knowledge of their biological parents or their old lifestyles. Then one day I was praying about this and I got something like a gentle slap on the head, an interruption of my consciousness from outside myself, likely from the Spirit of God; I clearly heard. \xe2\x80\x9cThe souls of the innocents were taken a moment before they died.\xe2\x80\x9d So when the sword hit, the children were in a persistent vegetative state in that God had already taken their souls to safety. What a relief! I was elated. Then about five seconds later, I thought; Hey, wait a minute. Did God really tell me that, or did I just make it up to ease my own distress? Straight away I got a second interruption and I clearly heard that voice again; \xe2\x80\x9cIf you did make it up, how much wiser and more merciful is your Father in Heaven.\xe2\x80\x9d Wow! It was definitely not my voice or my words. The old fashioned style is not the way I use words or language! Plus the fact that it came as an interruption to my thoughts (hey, pay attention). I am convinced that it was Divinely given personal information to help me get over this stumbling block. Most wonderful of all, notice that the communication was loving, not angry. I had just assumed, that God would be angry with me for being dumb, weak and sinful, because I was often angry with myself for those reasons. The improbable lovingness and civility of this communication kept me in a state of astonishment for several years and still causes breathlessness when I recall it to mind. How could the all powerful God love such a dumb, weak and sinful little man? Is that an improbable enough God for you? It sure is for me and I do have faith in Him. He\xe2\x80\x99s got you, He\xe2\x80\x99s got you and He\xe2\x80\x99s got your back. Don\xe2\x80\x99t worry about anything because all this earthly stuff, everything here, is ridiculously trivial to Him. I thank God for showing Himself to me as a loving father and I do feel very blessed for it. God is love and I suspect that humans have been programmed by God to love our children so that we, in our human pettiness, would have at least some experience of what love is. \xe2\x80\x9cAnyone who loves God must also love their brother and sister\xe2\x80\x9d. 1 John 4:21 So we are supposed to love one another, that means love everyone always. So just know that you too may reasonably expect that the one and only God will communicate with you about your Christian concerns and that it will come out of the clear blue sky and be a loving personal answer. He is the same loving God for all of us, even those people we don\xe2\x80\x99t care for. As improbable as it is, God loves us all. You will come to be as fond of your new Christian memories as you are of your actual childhood memories, because there is a mighty and loving Father helping you through a difficult and confusing adolescents. If you missed out on that from your biological father, you will find your Heavenly Father especially wonderful and loving. Really. God never said that the Bible is all there is to know. It is implied that the Bible is the minimum you should know and there may be certain things that He will communicate to help you personally if you ask Him. Waiting for God to answer is fairly short term, it is not the classic; Waiting For Godoe. God is for real.     ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
919,ADC,1434,45,,F,"Wish you were here. (a poem) You would love this place Dad, this forest mountain trail meandering past turquoise glacier lakes, cutting across a steep treeless loose-gravel scree. The path turns to switchback up a bare-dirt shoulder smoothed by winter\xe2\x80\x99s snow melting. At the crest, suddenly the view opens up expansive, to all horizons like the Swiss Alps. The whole Cascade range is carved at my feet: vivid green chasms, peaks painted white, no hint of civilization.  A pure sky of small cotton ball clouds streams from the horizon directly toward me, and I have to brace against this wild steady wind that spurs an endless herd of white stallions. Suddenly close and larger when leaping over this ridge, they tuck their legs at the last minute, skirting these wind-braced gnarled trees and my hand stretching up.  I used to tag along on your weekend hikes to places like this, your sanctuary. Me scurrying behind with little legs, trying to keep up with your tall, long easy strides. Death is the mystery, but I can sense you here now, Dad, in the mountains. Forgiveness allows my heart to expand; love created this place and is greater than space and time.  But I don\xe2\x80\x99t hike like you did, I mountain bike. I pick up my machine here to ride back down, put on a helmet and earbuds for my Ipod. Swooping down the trail weaving through banked turns, speed and reactions are too quick for thought: rocks, a few feet of air. Me and two wheels quietly carve turns around huge ancient cedars skyscraper tall, their wizened moss-bearded branches sleepily brush puffy mist above. A postcard-intense azure sky between their reddish-brown trunks. A rush flying weightless through adrenaline-fueled bliss, this is my cathedral.  As I ride, a favorite song by Incubus always makes me think of you. It has become my prayer, telling you I am ok now.   I dig my toes into the sand,   the ocean looks like a thousand diamonds strewn across a blue blanket   I lean against the wind   Pretend that I am weightless   And in this moment I am happy.   I Wish You Were Here\xe2\x80\xa6.     I lay my head onto the sand.   The sky resembles a backlit canopy with holes punched in it.   Im counting ufos.   I signal them with my lighter   and in this moment i am happy,  I had a rare chance to visit your grave, passing through on my motorcycle. So many years ago this dot on a map, a hiccup in a straight flat line, was the stifling world I escaped at eighteen. Now its just a hot, dusty-small, freeway town. Surreally, everyone is a stranger. An earlier self\xe2\x80\x99s memories are just a story, gratefully too distant for emotions. The gravel road turns behind juvenile hall where I waited for my new foster mom after you died. The tiny catholic cemetery holds a few hundred family histories, a white, white statue, larger than life, divides two centuries. Mary, weeping, holds tortured Jesus in her lap. I know, neither one of us is Catholic, but mom was. I park the motorcycle. One key with one fob, a little silver disc etched with three lines one side, three broken lines the other; I-Ching symbols for Heaven and Earth.  Two unkempt, neglected yellow rose bushes grown mis-matched almost cover your name, so I trim a few branches. Ive never believed a spirit is buried, you are not here. But this is the last place on earth our paths intersected, so where else to go? No dates on the stone, I am sorry. I was too young to remember when the funeral home asked. But I am ok now.  You would be so proud of your beautiful granddaughters. The best of all of us, together.  You would like my husband, my soulmate. With him I\xe2\x80\x99ve surfed tropical waters with whales and turtles, biked Canadian passes, found love. Your spirit doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have to carry the burden of our grief anymore. I am no longer in a place of confused tears. Not even here. This sunny day.  Birds practice their songs above me, sitting back on an old tree; leaves quietly stirring sunbeams. I\xe2\x80\x99ve always liked the Hispanic graves, decorated like a party. A family has recently left, spending a few happy hours with a beloved. Shiny balloons gently sway in the breeze.  Its a relief to share the peace we both so desperately needed so long ago. Then thoughts of the remaining day start to impede. A grocery list of errands, people to visit, hours on a clock, all interrupt me to leave. From the cool mowed grass I pick up my smartphone filled with facebook and emails, then in my hand the phone plays Wish You Were Here.  Dad. Are you telling me youre ok now too? I put the phone down to be here, a little while longer.  Love is greater than space and time.     ",,born citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,By the,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
920,ADC,1519,70,,F,"After a period of time had passed and my husband continued to breath, I raised my head to look at my family sitting at the bed side. They were quiet and remorseful. But they were not alone. I blinked heavily, trying to clear my eyes but my vision was fine. What I saw was my husband, standing with our family. He wasn\xe2\x80\x99t in a hospital gown with tubes and monitors; he was himself, steady and strong, in street clothing of slacks and a flannel shirt. My family members were solid in the space that their bodies consumed, while my husband was more fluid and seemed to fill the rest of the space. He moved behind one family member to the next. He was composed and serious; the look on his face was one of acceptance that he must leave. Time stood still. And then he disappeared.    ",,Both born,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Human R,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
921,ADC,1020,56,,F,"When I traveled to Ohio for my mothers funeral, I suddenly got in touch with my repressed anger at my mother, also I felt the fear I had of her. The next day I really felt the anger and decided to not take anything of my mothers so I would not be reminded of her. Then suddenly I felt a feeling of deep nurturing and well-being and knew my mother would like for me to take anything I needed. It was a spiritual communication. The next day I had an argument with my mother as she explained why she hid all pictures of me and other matters. She said she had the right to make her home comfortable for her. Then a few days later, I again felt her spiritual presence in the kitchen of my home, where she said re. my anger that I should just get over it and that this was the last visit she would make to me because she had to move on. I know this was a real spiritual experience because I had one at approximately at age 7 and remembered the same feeling of deep nurturing and well being in spite of being in a bad situation. That experience is for another entry.    ",,U.S. citi,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,student,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
922,NDE,1248,27,,F,"I didnt see a light or anything, I was suddenly in this space (?) another dimension. I knew my nan was with me I couldnt see her but I felt her presence. In front of me was a panel of beings (they communicated telepathically with me). I was crying, begging them not to send me back as I didnt want to return. I was told that it wasnt my time, that I had to return as I had things I need to do. Suddenly I woke up with a crash team. I was crying and hysterical.     ",,EU reside,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",Some,Public,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
923,ME ,1221,69,,F,"This mist continued to fill my hallway each night until on the 4th night I asked outloud, please show yourself to me, tell me who you are.  In my doorway midway down vertically and completely across the doorway horizontally appeared a band of shimmering, satiny white light which proceeded to make an arch like a path to the end of my bed where it stopped. The light was just as wide as the footboard of the bed in which I sleep.  I heard nothing, I smelt nothing and the light remained only seconds at the foot of my bed.    ",,citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Ordaine,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
924,DEE,1283,5,,F,"I was sitting in the bed and from the ceiling where the tile was missing came floating a figure. I immediately knew he was the man in the book at the doctor;s office (the blue bible story books with pictures). I felt instantly connected, fully accepted and total freedom of self. I loved him. As soon as he appeared he was looking at me in a very deliberate but loving way. He floated down to the foot of my bed. He was wearing a tunic that covered his feet. He had a sleeveless tunic over the top of a darker color. He had brown shoulder length hair. He looked just like the picture in the book where the little children were sitting in his lap and he was calling the other. In my room he also had a staff. He paused at the foot of my bed and looked directly at me. I felt with everything inside like nwords its going to be ok. His face was looking at me with the expression of one talking with very important but empathetic words, but he never really actually spoke words nor did his mouth move.When He moved, he did not really walk but moved at ta pace similar to a slow deliberate walk. He was semi-tranparant not really clear but I could alsmost see through him. I could see his features but not the color and detail as if he was an opaque human. I I was estatic that he was there. I felt totally loved, accepted and strangely connected to this man. Nothing in the whole worlds mattered but him at this moment. I did not stop to ponder his words but was happy. I wanted to dance with him. As he paused, I scrambled to get out of the bed. As I grabbed my slippers he headed for the door. I exclaimed, Wait I want to go with you. But he went through the door at that instant. I ran to the door and opened it, but he was gone.    ",,US Reside,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,1st gra,,single,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
925,DEE,1293,61,,F,"On August 20, 2006, Holy Spirit visited me. I was creating beaded jewelry that I sold at different outlets. I had finished a line of bracelets and cleared off my beading table, and put away all my beads, to make room for a new line of bracelets I wanted to make. I walked away from the table but when I returned, I saw in the middle of the cleaned-off area a Christian cross made up of small, clear glass pebbles. You know, the kind that are rounded on one side and flat on the other side. I liked these clear glass pebbles and kept a glass of them on my beading table to look at and to play with. The cross was positioned on the table askew--1:00 / 7:00. The lines of the glass pebbled cross were absolutely perfectly straight. The long part of the cross was made up of all one side of the pebbles while the short part was made up of the other side. I stood there and just stared at the glass cross. For the first few seconds, I was in a mild state of shock. I searched my brain to see if I had done that and forgot, but no. I thought if Hank might have done it but didnt think he would have. Then I knew where it came from and got the chills. But I had to eliminate Hank just to be sure, so I called him in. I pointed to the cross and asked if he did this. He stared at the cross and said no. I told him I didnt do it either. I told him that Holy Spirit did it. He didnt say anything about this. We looked at it some more and then went back to work. I tried to Crazy Glue the glass pebbles together to keep it as it was but the round glass pebbles wouldnt hold together even with this glue. The glue residue dirtied up the pretty clear glass pebbles (as you can see in the uploaded image) but I didnt want to clean them off. I wanted to keep them as they were. I put the pebbles in a pretty silk sack and kept it together with my other Signs from God. I went to my spiritual journal and recorded this experience, like I did with all the others. Now I keep these pebbles out in the open in the shape of the cross on a plate with my DAD envelope next to it.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
926,DEE,1247,25,,M,"I chanted HU (an ancient name for God on the path of ECKANKAR) after asking to see the ECK Master Rebezar Tarz. In a couple of moments he appeared in my inner vision, his head and shoulders. It was the most incredible experience I have ever had. It was more real than reality. It lasted perhaps a second, two seconds, but I will never forget it. I saw him in full living breathing color. I was looking at him in full conscious awareness, I was not asleep, I was awake. There was LOVE, LOVE pouring off of him, streaming out of him in every direction, so much LOVE I couldnt imagine it. Its more LOVE than anyone could imagine exists and yet it did, and along with that LOVE was LIGHT the most intense but INVISIBLE LIGHT anyone could ever witness, it was invisible but it was as bright as bright could be. The intensity of the LOVE and the LIGHT flowing from this MAGNIFICENT BEING was beyond what my mind could grasp. I couldnt look at it, I turned my face slightly away, although this was all happening within me, I turned it slightly away because what I was seeing and what I was experiencing stunned my human mind, stunned it because the beauty of it, the transcendence of it and the LOVE itself was beyond human imagination. Then it was over. I will never forget it. Now, 35 years later, I still return to it in thought, it is still alive, it is still real. I have had many many other spiritual experiences over the years but this is perhaps the most profound. Any doubts I had about the existence of Rebezar Tarz or other ECK Masters disappeared. It changed my life, 2 seconds in a motel in South Dakota.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Janitor,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
927,ME ,1301,40,,M,"March 1991 had a Thursday fall on the 21st and 28th, and the next Thursday was April 4th. The significance of these dates to me is that one of them was likely the day that I was invested with a powerful message in which the reign of God was revealed to me in no uncertain terms, within the fabric of a pointed admonition. The message came when I was awake. It came in the form of receiving the feelings of other people, to be exact, feeling the feelings of the hospital patients of the Lyons, NJ, VA Hospital. I had recently tried to volunteer at the Lyons VA, but had become discouraged after an incident in which I had been trapped outside in freezing weather with a nursing home patient who could not make it up the stairs to enter the VA clinic I was taking him to. The nursing home was a separate building from the main ring comprising the hospital, and buses shuttled the patients between them. When this patient could not get up the stairs I sat him on a bench outside, went inside, and called security because it was 22 degrees and blowing. The security guys tried very hard to find fault with my actions. I resented the accusations, and frankly, was not thrilled with my job, which essentially duplicated the \xe2\x80\x9cred shirts\xe2\x80\x9d job as a helper for the nurses. I wanted more patient interaction. I decided to stop volunteering. I was in alone that morning in my hot tub not far from the hospital, in Basking Ridge, NJ. It was probably a Thursday because I generally took Thursday off work, even back then. I remember having a sudden fleeting thought that it was a shame how the VA volunteer attempt had turned out. It was sort of a \xe2\x80\x9cno good deed goes unpunished\xe2\x80\x9d thought. I felt what people describe as the \xe2\x80\x9cdoor open\xe2\x80\x9d in my consciousness, in my head. I can only describe it as an odd sensation. And then poured forth into my consciousness were the feelings of all the patients in the hospital, at that time probably 800 souls. The feelings were anger, helplessness, desperation, fear, and loneliness, and probably more, but these were feelings showing the needs of the people who had them. They hit me like a ton of bricks. I was stunned. I have never felt anything so intensely before or since. The feelings lasted only a few seconds, I think, not long at any rate, and were gone. This experience, this message, which had many aspects, was beautiful, was efficient, and was obviously purposeful. I knew instantly what the feelings were, whose, and who had sent them. They were meant to tell me I had made a mistake. They were meant to tell me to go back and try again. They were meant to tell me that God loves those patients, and that He loves me. It was adapted to and respectful of my situation, which is that I am in an interfaith marriage with a non-Christian. It showed me that God lives outside of time and space as we know it, which explains a lot. In short, it was the greatest gift I have received from God, with the possible exception of my wife, whom I suspect was steered to me by Him. I was quickly able to deduce that if God loves me, no one particularly special or virtuous, He certainly must love everyone in the same way, just as we had been told from childhood. I was always a believer in God, but as a young man had found God inconvenient for a while, and I had come back to the church 15 years earlier in another episode which I suspected was a spiritual intervention. But, while I could swear with 100% certainty that I believe it was a spiritual experience, it was one you can think of as \xe2\x80\x9csoft\xe2\x80\x9d, a compulsion to seek out a priest immediately, while this was a \xe2\x80\x9chard\xe2\x80\x9d one. There was no mistaking this message from God. I practically stopped breathing. It was a 20,000 volt shock, like grabbing a spark plug wire, and just as unmistakable. So what was the outcome? Well, I found another way to volunteer at the VA, one where I was more in contact with the patients. First I read to a group of nursing home patients for about 10 years, and then I began to do bedside visits. In a couple of years I began to find this very difficult as my patients began to die, and I fled by moving to another town and becoming a literacy volunteer. The hot tub message is the defining moment of my life, and I was not told not to talk about it. But speaking has its costs as well, one of which is that it seems to have so little effect on people, while it has revealed the Lord to me. Still, it did not make me into a saint, and I found I still struggle with the same failings that I had before. But it is a great blessing, surpassed only by those experiences in which people have felt the great unconditional love of the Lord for each of us.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,enginee,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
928,DEE,1272,64,,F,"Hank and I vacationed every June at a resort in Lenox, Massachusetts. It was a week-long event that offered workshops to the many people who returned year after year.  For four years I gave a workshop called Conversations About God. This open forum invited people to talk about how they felt about God and about their spiritual experiences. It was not about religion, only God. We talked about the signs we received from God and about miracles we saw or heard in our personal lives. My goal for this workshop was for us to get close to God and to connect with each other. On Friday, June 26, 2009 at 1:45pm, I went to a room to conduct my workshop which was to start at 2:00. I was standing by the rooms door waiting to greet people as they arrived. A man walked up to me. He was a large man, about 62. He had white hair nicely styled...bald on top, longish on the bottom. He wore a geometric-designed tent garment that covered him from neck to knee. His face was clean-shaven with pink shiny cheeks. He had this powerful and pleasant look on his face. But I was struck by his face because it was glowing. There was an unmistakable glow coming from his face, as if a light was on inside his head. I could see that the glow was of a spiritual nature. I couldnt stop staring at his face and its glow. I asked this man if he was a minister. I was wondering if he was coming to my workshop for personal or professional reasons. He was friendly and said that he wasnt a minister but that he came for personal reasons. We chatted lightly while waiting for the rest of the people. Normally about 20-25 people came to my workshop but it was 2:00 and no one else showed up. We went inside and I set up chairs in a circle. One other man came. He was a regular participant who lived in Boston. We were friendly and teased each other because he was a Red Sox fan and I was a Yankees fan. By 2:10 I could see no one else was coming. I thought it was strange. Not even my husband Hank came that day and he came to all my other workshops. This man and I immediately locked into each other, talking. I dont really remember all that we talked about. That part of the conversation was blocked from my mind. The Boston man tried to talk with us but we totally ignored him, though not with malice, so he got up and left. The man and I continued our conversation. Then this stranger said to me, Youre an E.T. Master. I looked at him for a long while. I took him seriously, thats the strange part. Whats an E.T.? I was scared to ask this question because I kind of knew what ET meant and I was afraid to hear him say those words. He paused, staring at me, You know, an extraterrestrial. My spirit and my eyes were locked with his spirit and his eyes. Oh, I think I said. Im an Angel, he matter-of-factly said to me. I believed him. I believed everything he was telling me. I wasnt afraid of him and I didnt think he was crazy. I trusted and totally believed this total stranger. Thats whats so strange. I didnt even want to come up here, he said. I have work to do and a wife and children back home in Texas. I wasnt even planning to come to your workshop. I was sleeping but a loud noise woke me up so I looked on the agenda to see what workshops were scheduled. I saw your workshop and decided to come. Now I know I was sent here to see you. Whats your name? I asked. You can call me Fred. What work do you do? Im a CPA. What am I supposed to do? What are you saying to me? I dont understand. Are there books I should read? He looked away from me and said: You will be meeting people. They will show you the way. I dont remember what else we talked about in the one to two hours we talked. But I do remember that I was spiritually locked into him, like I was spiritually locked into the glow and cross and the ghost. He got up to leave and said goodbye. I said goodbye but I didnt get up. I couldnt get up. I was just sitting there, numb-like, just staring ahead. He stopped and turned around, Are you okay? Yes, Im okay, was all I could say. I sat alone in the room not really thinking about anything. Then I returned to Hank, told him a little bit about my unusual workshop but I didnt tell him then what Fred said to me. Later that night I saw Fred one more time at a dance our event put on. As soon as I saw him I went over to give him a big hug and a kiss on the cheek and I said thank you. He smiled. He didnt say anything, though. We parted and I went back to Hank and we danced the night away. I remember looking for Fred in the dance room but I never saw him again. I regret not knowing his last name or not asking for his contact information. I tried to find out more about him so I could contact him but the organizers of the event couldnt help me without a last name. When the event was over, my husband and I returned home and I waited for these people I was su",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
929,DEE,1412,55,,M,See #43.    ,,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Visual,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
930,ME ,1543,44,,F,"As I stopped at the stop sign I suddenly was aware that I had a second set of eyelids, like some animals do. For the first time ( and so far the last) these eyelids opened. I could see, or it was somehow communicated to me, the reason for all the suffering in the world. I think I said out loud,Oh I see. I understand. It made sense to me. Then, these eyelids closed and I was there at the stop sign in the dark.    ",,U.S. citi,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Airline,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
931,ME ,1481,42,,F,Please see earlier description. I learnt that there is a higher power and that i am spirit and not just a body. That i have a ego/personality side and a higher self which connected during the STE. That our reality is multidimensional and there are other dimensions apart from the 3rd dimension.    ,,Australia,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
932,OBE,1410,22,,F,"It really happened very very quickly. One minute I was watching tv and then I believe I had fallen asleep. All of a sudden I felt myself come out of my body and in a flash, my spirit, or whatever you want to call it, was out of my body, across the room, in front of the television. I saw the television and then I was just there, right in front of it. It was still on but I cant recall what was showing at the time this happened, I just know it was on and I could see it. I remember feeling this amazing sense of freedom and that I could go anywhere I wanted, as quickly as I wanted. I looked at the hotel room door and thought to myself, I want to go out there, see how far I can go like this. It was a very very pleasant and unbelievably exciting feeling, but I was also scared.  In that instant while I was looking at the door thinking about going further, reveling in this sense of freedom, speed and excitement, I suddenly I heard a voice (it wasnt a voice like we speak in the literal world, it was a voice that I could identify as male, I think, but instead of speaking out loud, it was like a knowledge in my head. Its hard to convey this correctly) saying If you want this to stop, you have to wake up now. I heard it and was still looking at the door. The voice/knowledge again said Sally, if you want this to stop you have to wake up NOW! with heavy heavy emphasis on the word NOW.  This time I listened and the next thing I knew, I was back in my body, sitting up and sucking in a HUGE gulp of air as if I hadnt taken a breath in a very long time, the same way you would if you were holding your breath under water for as long as you could stand and then surfaced. I was so scared of what I had just experienced I ran to the min-refrigerator, grabbed one of the beers from the six pack i had bought earlier, along with my cigarettes, and went outside where I drank the entire beer and smoked probably 4 cigarettes in a row. I was TERRIFIED to go back to sleep. I truly felt like I was going crazy and imagining what had just happened to me. When I finally went back to my room I stayed up as long as I could because I was afraid to go back to sleep and that it would happen again. At the time, I didnt want it to happen ever again. I finally did go back to sleep and slept peacefully the remaining few hours I had left before my flight. It has never happened to me again. I will be 40 this September, so its been almost 18 years since this happened and it has never happened to me again.    ",,US    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,moder,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Active,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
933,ME ,1437,49,,F,"On meeting one of their friends I became aware of a feeling of joy, exhilaration, expansion and enthusiasm of which I had never felt before. We then met at the dinner table in which he sat opposite me. I was aware of an attraction but also of a repulsion for him. I spent the time avoiding eye contact with him but then a magnetic pull of my eyes drew them up to look at him directly. Time then stood still! I felt like I had arrived home. A spontaneous smile appeared on my face and we looked into each other for what seemed like forever. I then looked away. Next morning I avoided him as I felt he was really dangerous.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Compute,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
934,SDE,1517,27,,M,"I was awake and alert. After doctors told us they were unable to necessitate my father, my mother and I were lead into the ER to identify his body. Lying on a gurney, I saw his body; However, I saw his spirit/energy 4-6 feet above his body. It looked like transparent water moving in a stream. It was his energy, like what you feel when they enter the room behind you. it told the chaplain who was with us. She said, Some people see that. I also saw and felt my father, as listed above, at his funeral, but not as strong. I felt a peace in knowing he is still with me in spirit.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Peace C,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
935,DEE,1275,22,,F,"As I walked down the hallway I felt as though I had hit a wall. The sounds in my ear were what felt like if someone were opening and closing their mouth into your ear. It were almost like words but were things I could not understand. The feeling of wind passing on top of it all gave me the assurance that my mother must be behind me. Wen I looked around and no one was there I was startled and started screaming. When I looked into my fathers room which lit up the hallway and his bedroom due to the television glow I noticed he was sitting wide awake in his chair smiling at me very calmly and said it was ok and to go back to bed. That instant all the memories of my dad explaining he had been visited by his angel had flashed into my mind and I panicked and said ok and went back into my room. Once there I felt no longer scared but so very grateful for the chance to witness that it was all real, that angels and god and heaven, its all real. I felt as though it was gods way if saying we are here and iChat my father was going to be ok and so was I.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",High,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
936,ME ,1154,18,,F,"Suddenly while listening to the tape, I had a profound and total sense that I was one with everything, I was looking at the sky through the window, and as I looked on the moon and the stars, I felt and knew that they were love. I dont know how to describe it other than everything WAS love, and I was one with everything. There was NO separation. The car seat in front of me, the empty can of soda, EVERYTHING. The feeling lasted breifly, maybe a matter of a minute or two. It was the single Best most amazing feeling I have ever had, and I only hope I will have it again one day, even if its not until the afterlife, I can wait. It just gives me hope.    ",,Citizen.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",Some,I was i,,single,separ,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
937,NDE,1192,10,,F,"Coolness. Being wrapped up in peace. Movement forward. Again, no voice, but a sound. I can still hear it. A whooshing of sorts. it was so comforting. Amazing.    ",,Citizen U,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Child,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
938,PLR,1006,31,,F,"I was meditating, as I had done hundreds of times before. All of the sudden, I had an experience that felt like a past-life experience. First, you should know that I am a petite female (52, very slender). But in my meditation, all of the sudden I was sitting on a horse and it was sometime around the 10th or 12th century. I was a large man. I could feel my heft. I was wearing a helmet and some kind of armor and vest that had a chain design of some sort. It was heavy.  I had just returned from war. I was going home to my wife and children. I was sitting on my horse, on a hill, looking down at the house towards the right. It was a very long single story house that had a series of very small windows that ran horizontally across the house, and it had a dark roof that looked like it was made of straw or some textured material. It was a dark color and I could see lights from candles inside the house. I knew my wife and children were in there, waiting for my return. I sat and looked at the house and had a feeling of sadness. I was happy to be home but I felt that this life was so hard, war was so hard. It was just a feeling of life being a burden, and feeling sad about all of it. The house was down towards my right, below the hill, and if I looked to my left I could see a harbor which is where I had some from. There were boats. I remember that it was very cold. And I remember that I could feel my heft. Like I could actually feel what it felt like to be that large. I knew what the name of the harbor was. Then all of the sudden I was standing on something that is hard to describe it was like a wooden platform or large wood cart with wheels and it was being pulled by horses. I was standing on it and holding the reigns while the horses pulled this thing I was standing on. We were entering a castle. I worked at the castle. I was some kind of fighter. And then I came up out of my meditation.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,never,never,avera,very st,"0 24,999",docto,Graduat,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
939,ME ,1301,40,,M,"March 1991 had a Thursday fall on the 21st and 28th, and the next Thursday was April 4th. The significance of these dates to me is that one of them was likely the day that I was invested with a powerful message in which the reign of God was revealed to me in no uncertain terms, within the fabric of a pointed admonition. The message came when I was awake. It came in the form of receiving the feelings of other people, to be exact, feeling the feelings of the hospital patients of the Lyons, NJ, VA Hospital. I had recently tried to volunteer at the Lyons VA, but had become discouraged after an incident in which I had been trapped outside in freezing weather with a nursing home patient who could not make it up the stairs to enter the VA clinic I was taking him to. The nursing home was a separate building from the main ring comprising the hospital, and buses shuttled the patients between them. When this patient could not get up the stairs I sat him on a bench outside, went inside, and called security because it was 22 degrees and blowing. The security guys tried very hard to find fault with my actions. I resented the accusations, and frankly, was not thrilled with my job, which essentially duplicated the \xe2\x80\x9cred shirts\xe2\x80\x9d job as a helper for the nurses. I wanted more patient interaction. I decided to stop volunteering. I was in alone that morning in my hot tub not far from the hospital, in Basking Ridge, NJ. It was probably a Thursday because I generally took Thursday off work, even back then. I remember having a sudden fleeting thought that it was a shame how the VA volunteer attempt had turned out. It was sort of a \xe2\x80\x9cno good deed goes unpunished\xe2\x80\x9d thought. I felt what people describe as the \xe2\x80\x9cdoor open\xe2\x80\x9d in my consciousness, in my head. I can only describe it as an odd sensation. And then poured forth into my consciousness were the feelings of all the patients in the hospital, at that time probably 800 souls. The feelings were anger, helplessness, desperation, fear, and loneliness, and probably more, but these were feelings showing the needs of the people who had them. They hit me like a ton of bricks. I was stunned. I have never felt anything so intensely before or since. The feelings lasted only a few seconds, I think, not long at any rate, and were gone. This experience, this message, which had many aspects, was beautiful, was efficient, and was obviously purposeful. I knew instantly what the feelings were, whose, and who had sent them. They were meant to tell me I had made a mistake. They were meant to tell me to go back and try again. They were meant to tell me that God loves those patients, and that He loves me. It was adapted to and respectful of my situation, which is that I am in an interfaith marriage with a non-Christian. It showed me that God lives outside of time and space as we know it, which explains a lot. In short, it was the greatest gift I have received from God, with the possible exception of my wife, whom I suspect was steered to me by Him. I was quickly able to deduce that if God loves me, no one particularly special or virtuous, He certainly must love everyone in the same way, just as we had been told from childhood. I was always a believer in God, but as a young man had found God inconvenient for a while, and I had come back to the church 15 years earlier in another episode which I suspected was a spiritual intervention. But, while I could swear with 100% certainty that I believe it was a spiritual experience, it was one you can think of as \xe2\x80\x9csoft\xe2\x80\x9d, a compulsion to seek out a priest immediately, while this was a \xe2\x80\x9chard\xe2\x80\x9d one. There was no mistaking this message from God. I practically stopped breathing. It was a 20,000 volt shock, like grabbing a spark plug wire, and just as unmistakable. So what was the outcome? Well, I found another way to volunteer at the VA, one where I was more in contact with the patients. First I read to a group of nursing home patients for about 10 years, and then I began to do bedside visits. In a couple of years I began to find this very difficult as my patients began to die, and I fled by moving to another town and becoming a literacy volunteer. The hot tub message is the defining moment of my life, and I was not told not to talk about it. But speaking has its costs as well, one of which is that it seems to have so little effect on people, while it has revealed the Lord to me. Still, it did not make me into a saint, and I found I still struggle with the same failings that I had before. But it is a great blessing, surpassed only by those experiences in which people have felt the great unconditional love of the Lord for each of us.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,enginee,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
940,ADC,1433,22,,F,"I dreamed I went into an art-house movie theater that I liked. I walked down the aisle to sit down, found a seat, and looked over to see my father sitting next to me. I could see every line and detail on his face, so I knew it was him. I was speechless, and excited, and tried to think of something to say. I kind of stammered, did you want to meet my fiance? He said, No I just want to be with you. I felt such peace knowing that he loved me after all.    ",,born citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,working,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
941,ADC,1291,41,,F,"I sat up in bed and saw my father who was before me with his arms crossed on his chest. He didnt look old (he died at63) he didnt look young, is looked ageless..His skin had a very different glow that I cannot explain. It wasnt pink,it was a skin color Ive had never seen before. He seemed very peaceful and said to me  Dont worry about me, Ive never been happier and was gone. I felt this incredibly strong feeling that he was so calm, peaceful and fulfilled. Not his nature. I felt that he needed to comfort me and all these years later, I still see his face, and feel the comfort and peace. I think of that experience often when I pray because I know he came to me to assure me that he was with the Lord.Ive learned not to be afraid of death. My mother was a daily communicant but I never saw or dreamt of her. I was sure she would be with the Lord but not sure at all about my father.    ",,American,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Nationa,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
942,DEE,1511,34,,M,Please see enclosed attachment for full story    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,I worke,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
943,ADC,1082,30,,F,"It was spontaneous. My brother had just passed away and I had just gotten home from his funeral. I just put my newborn baby into her crib and sat down. My brother said to me loudly check the baby. I just thought I was having an emotional feeling and ignored it. Again he said louder check the baby, again I ignored it thinking I was crazy from his death. A third time he said very very loudy CHECK THE BABY. I could not ignore it so I got up to check my newborn and she was BLUE. I shook her and she did not breath. I shook her again and she still did not breath. Then I remembered reading in a Respiratory Therapy book (my profession) that to get a baby to gasp you only had to pinch their feet. I pinched her foot and she gasped. I totally freaked out and picked up the baby and drove to my parents house to tell them my experience. They believed my without question. I went to my place of employment to pick up an apnea monitor (again, my profession). My baby never had any other episodes of apnea.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Junio,Respira,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
944,ME ,1330,20,,F,"I felt a large, strong beam of love enter my head from above. It traveled down to my chest and then flowed out of my body, touching and loving all people I came in contact with, including myself. It was palpable, like it had a physical quality to it and was completely unconditional and in a way impersonal. Love for me, for others. Love through me. Divine love for all. At the same time I heard a voice in my head explaining things to me. ( I had been very confused and unhappy in my life before traveling). It was saying things like: this happened because of this, this you learned here, this builds on that and on and on and on. I saw my life, which had been a string of failures, in a clear straight line, one experience building upon another. I had a vision of standing on a mountain and having 360degree vision, understanding not just my life, but everything. Everything made sense, everything was clear and simple. I knew I would not stay there, but it was ok. I also had a feeling of something trying to jump out of my chest, like my spirit body being sucked at from the outside. I thought if this experience comes on one drop stronger, my soul is going to escape my body and thats the end. But it didnt.All the time I had a feeling of complete euphoria. It was a very high energy state and I could hardly sleep during the 7 days and nights that it lasted.    ",,British s,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,Recepti,,single,separ,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
945,ME ,1440,21,,F,"Dear Dr. Alexander, Thank you so much for your book, Proof of Heaven. I have not had a NDE, but I experience a variety of connections with/in my own body. I thought I would share them with you so that you might be able to incorporate these ideas and implications into the knowledge you now possess. Mini-bio: I am 32 years old, lesbian, a former college athlete, white, middle-class/U.S., non-religious. When I was in my teens, I was inexplicably drawn to spiritual books for the greater part of 2-3 years, and then that continued into college (previously, I detested reading anything). There was no explanation for this; I detested organized religion as well. I read books by Brian Weiss Many Lives, Many Masters; Charles Tart (actually flew to California to see him speak); Gary Schwartz, among many others. I found myself reading anything and everything I could find on reincarnation, psychics, NDEs, mystical ideas and the like. As I read more, it seemed like the reading experience was such that the more I read, the deeper I went into things I already knew...and that is what kept me reading. In part, I also think that I connected this knowledge with a more sociological knowledge of the body/spirit, particularly by way of sexuality since I was also, simultaneously, coming into the awakening of my sexuality and the relationship between aesthetic experience and physical sensation. For me, there was this immediate connection between sexuality and spirituality. At any rate, I went on in college to major in psychology, sociology, and religion/philosophy. I was one of the very few students in school that defended the reality of psi phenomenon, having never literally not really experienced it myself up to that point. I read the stories and just knew they were real. As I read more, and defended the idea more and more, I began to experience more in the way of expanded consciousness. All of this started shortly after this 2-3 year stint of reading. My clairvoyance is somehow limited by time; I know things are going to happen and Im informed of them, but only about 10 minutes prior. I receive information/images in the waking state in the form of symbolic interactions i.e. ideas are communicated by the meaning my psyche will construct if I cogitate about what very material relations actually mean or feel like specifically to me i.e. the particular is what carries the universal intent of the message/the lesson. In your terminology, I think that is my bodys way of adapting to the inflow of messages that it knows are from the outside. Most often, it goes like this: I will be receiving information that I can feel is information coming through and I will pay very close attention to the content because I know it is not just my own random thoughts (i.e. I would probably be a good receiver in telepathic studies). I will then obsess about what I can make of the structural relations of that content in the very context of my theoretical/sociological categories/knowledge...because it seems to me that it is in figuring out that puzzle that explains why it is that Im receiving that message. Sometimes I can figure out who it needs to reach. I guess this ties in with the quotation on your website that all thoughts and actions are interconnected...and that is true at every level. Story 2: Although it may have nothing or everything do with me, the night I was on my bed studying, crying, and mourning my deceased cousin who died the night prior she came to visit me by staging a physical impossibility... because she knew that would register to me (Im also a very scientific mind I see the possible by way of the impossible. My family makes fun of me for always asking for percentages and probabilities in all aspects of life). :) Anyway, the night prior to this, I remember the light bulb above my bed blowing out I could hear the filament hit the glass of the bulb. Nonetheless, I had left the light switch up/circuit open. As I was sitting there crying the second night, thinking about Beth, and feeling guilty that we had not connected more the year before when she requested that, the light illuminated in a fashion akin to those lights that very gradually get brighter/lighter by touch. It lasted for about 10 seconds. It illuminated in a way that is not possible given the type of light it is; it wasnt on a dimmer switch. And the visual was as if a blast of energy had simply traveled through the space. I know to a degree of 100% that this light bulb had totally and completely blown out the night prior. I was sitting in the exact same place. I immediately knew it was her, and was immediately brought to tears, again. I verbally thanked her. The next day I took the light bulb to a philosophy professor of mine who was very familiar with modern physics. He was a materialist. I told him what happened, asked if there was s",,U.S. citi,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",maste,I didnt,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
946,ADC,1019,26,,F,"My experience was not a moment in time event, but rather its like I became aware of my grandpa through intense emotions and became aware that he was trying to tell me something. It takes a few days of this flood of emotion before I realize something is wrong and he is trying to tell me. The best way I can describe my most resent experience is like a gnawing feeling at your core that something is wrong, and at the same time an intense feeling of my grandpa. Not him in the sense of physically being next to me, but this feeling of the love we shared, the grief I felt when I lost him, and replaying the experiences we had together. The thoughts of him flood my mind and almost become distracting. My mind would constantly wander back to thoughts of my grandpa and just intense deep feelings. (The first few times this happened to me was when my two of my grandpas brother died, my uncles father in law was dying and my aunt was diagnosed with cancer it wasnt until afterward that I pieced together my intense feelings surrounding my grandpa and the news). After I became aware of my grandpas presence its like I knew something was wrong, and he was trying to tell me or make me aware of something bad. Knowing something was going to happen was unsettling and my mind would race at the possible events that might happen. Then when my phone rang and it was news my uncle had had a massive stroke, it was instant that this what he was telling me. Knowing that my grandpa is here with me is something I can not describe in words...its a feeling you get deep in your gut that you know everything is going to be alright.    ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Manage,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
947,OBE,1499,4,,F,"My experience is difficult to define, the feeling of being in a heavenly place cannot be defined. I knew it was euphoric, a continuous euphoria. I know one day I will return there. I look forward to it with longing. I do not fear death. I also know that I have a purpose. I do not remember what that purpose is. It baffles me. I believe I have lived before. I have no recollection of past lives, but I definitely believe God sent me back, I believe I was angry about that for I know how challenging life on earth is. I do believe everyones life has a purpose, it is not random. I have had a very difficult, and challenging life. I have struggled more than most, so I find it difficult to understand what my purpose is.    ",,Im a US c,1 2000,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,none,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
948,ME ,1554,39,,M,I realized my nature isn&#180;t n the field of thoughts    ,,Spanish,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",post,Medical,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
949,DEE,1255,19,,F,What I learned was that we are not the only being occupying this space    ,,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,student,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
950,OBE,1373,39,,F,"I copy here the experience exactly as I typed it then. This records my third experience. The first one occurred in February of 1984 and then August, 1984. The third one in January of 1985, as written.  Jan.26, 1985--it has happened again (On what I experienced in early morning, only half awake). There was a rushing sound, a roaring in my ears. I am half awake now, with consciousness of my surroundings, and also have the feeling I am about to plunge off a cliff, a falling sensation. I feel, just briefly, a sense of immovability--the way in a dream one tries to move and cant, and also a sense of fear arises at this. Then the images begin, the feeling one of plunging deep into a vortex, but everything is vividly clear, in color. The images are against a black background, and they are perfect crystalline forms, changing constantly, that make me think of snowflake forms at times, then of those theoretical models of chemical components or DNA, and then of pure rock crystal forms. The speed of the images is way beyond me, their transformations occurring without cessation. Nothing exists but this silent world I seem to have entered, as the forms recede and accelerate alternately in the darkness. Then they stop--disappear, and what I see at a vast distance in total blackness, as if I were looking through a telescope backwards, only infinitely smaller than that, is a tiny circle of light. I see it as if I am looking into a cauldron of light, barely glimpsed at such a distance, but it shifts and flickers on the edges. Only a tiny part of it is revealed to me, but the light is so clear it is like the interior of a diamond--a dazzling light, that oddly conveys a sense, for which I cannot account, that it has a knowledge of some sort--as if the light was source. Then a tingling feeling occurs and the image ends--it all goes away, and I sense my regular surroundings again. I try to go to sleep. The first time this happened, last February 84, I was scared silly.  The images occurred after I experienced the same roaring sound, but at that time (also an early hour, between 2 and 5 a.m.) there was also a loud cracking sound; in fact, that happened first. The images were, then, not immediately visible. They appeared finally in the center of a deep blackness at a great distance in a curling, churning fire of light, and accelerated toward me until I could see the swirling changing crystal forms. I stayed up an hour afterwards, writing it down. I felt then the same tingling sensation at the onset and end of the event, and the same moment of immovability. The second time (all told, it has happened three times) was last summer, August, 84. And now this one, around 4:30 or 5 a.m. The fear was briefer; I knew more of what to expect, and it was as if I willed myself to hold on. I had been asleep, wake up to the buzzing, electric sensation, and the rest, and then it begins. I let the images come. In the times between the 3 events Ive tried to make it happen, unsuccessfully. Each time has occurred only spontaneously. Each time I feel I have encountered something with great energy or power within it. I feel it will happen again--that there is more to learn. Especially within that light. It frightens me, yet I sense it has meaning, validity. I wonder at its meaning, and seek it out.     ",,U.S. Citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",docto,I taugh,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
951,ME ,1360,48,,F,"The temple or church was really beautiful and complicated, it had curly cue tops, architecture like you might see in Burma or Thailand. The entire thing was made out of bone that had been polished. It was made from human bone! But for some reason this wasnt creepy at all. It was kind of like, the bones of the maryters or something? It was a way to honor them? Anyway, we were going in to check it out. I had a group of kids to watch, 4 or 5 of them. My daughter wasnt there as I remember, I think she had gone ahead. There were some boys who were slower and lagging from the general group so I stayed back with them to encourage them to keep going not to get so far behind. They moved along but something very strongly encouraged me to remain in that room for just a few minutes. We were in a small darker, cove like part of the Cathedral, there was an alter, seemed like lots of candles and gold and polished marble and polished bone inside the room. At the right to the altar where was an extremely intricately carved place, it was like the kind of carving you might see on an elephant tusk that the Chinese can do. But this was all people and scenes from the Bible. In the middle there was the nativity scene. Mary and joseph were there and baby jesus. I could see a teeny tiny well, with a pump. I stayed there waiting and then I heard a sound that was like a radio being dialed into tune, lots of static and voices. Finally one voice became clear. It was Marys! She had an accent! Like a very old one from a language that is not spoken anymore. But she spoke to me in English. She told me to pump some water from the well into this teeny tiny cup. So I did that, the cup was even smaller than a thimble. I wasnt sure what I supposed to do with it? Dip my fingers into it and make the sign of the cross like Holy Water? Or drink it? I didnt want to offend or do that wrong thing! She told me to drink it! But it understood immediately that it was to be just a small amount, I was not to drink the entire thing. This was for my own good, so that I would not become greedy. She said as I sipped some, This is soup. Nourishment for the world.    ",,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",maste,Childre,,marri,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
952,DEE,1175,42,,F,"I did above. I know these were real. Once when I was a unwed mom at 18 back in the 70s, Life was so hard. I was lost and alone, trying to raise my son alone, I was so tired, I worked very hard and hardly slept, but I knew I was awake and I remember asking God aloud while driving in my car, why am I here What do you want from me  Why cant you help me take care of this little one and what is this life all about. I got an answer. It explained everything, and I remember me suddenly understanding everything. He told me and I had it, and just as quick as I had it, I forgot it. I can remember that I had received the answers that were amazing, I had the answers it all made incredible sense, then poof gone in an instant. I wanted for years to go to some one who could help me remember what I had lost, hypnosis or something, but never did. It was real. I have had three experiences in my life that are real, that most would think I was crazy over.     ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,undec,none,"25,000 49",Some,Veterin,,single,single,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
953,ME ,1352,41,,F,"I felt excited, happy and when she hugged me a warmth of joy! Words here on earth do no justice to explain how it felt! I remember calling her sister that morning with joy and excitement but also apprehension. would she believe or not. My duty was to my patient who wanted her sister to know she was excited and joyful to be going home! I called Cin, told her I had to speak to her and would it be okay. I was welcomed, I went first to Dee laying in a coma, bloated, ball headed and took her hand. I whispered in her ear, told her I would pass her message on to Cin and gave her a kiss. I told Cin, you are going to think I am crazy and she laughed, stated she already thought that. It made it easy to tell her all and she cried. She stated she believed me without a doubt, for she had experienced something similar when her Mom had died. She thanked me and was glad I told her.    ",,Us    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Certifi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
954,ADC,1082,30,,F,"It was spontaneous. My brother had just passed away and I had just gotten home from his funeral. I just put my newborn baby into her crib and sat down. My brother said to me loudly check the baby. I just thought I was having an emotional feeling and ignored it. Again he said louder check the baby, again I ignored it thinking I was crazy from his death. A third time he said very very loudy CHECK THE BABY. I could not ignore it so I got up to check my newborn and she was BLUE. I shook her and she did not breath. I shook her again and she still did not breath. Then I remembered reading in a Respiratory Therapy book (my profession) that to get a baby to gasp you only had to pinch their feet. I pinched her foot and she gasped. I totally freaked out and picked up the baby and drove to my parents house to tell them my experience. They believed my without question. I went to my place of employment to pick up an apnea monitor (again, my profession). My baby never had any other episodes of apnea.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Junio,Respira,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
955,ME ,1057,5,,M,"I cannot describe the feeling. I put it in the same category as sexual feelings before I knew what they were. It was a formless inner tingling, and a sudden expansion of affect.      ",,natural c,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,embryo,,single,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
956,DEE,1028,19,,F,"I was visiting a Bahai temple that was completely white without adornment. I approached what appeared to be a window but when I stood in front of the window of the temple which was very large and arched and without glass or panes, the space beyond the window was a turquoise blue light that radiated life, energy, and unconditional love. I was so transfixed by the experience that I could not move. The communication about the love was powerful and washed over me like a torrent. I was reduced to nothingness...I understood that my decision to become a Bahai was part of the reason I was having this expereince. Gradually the light faded away and I was brought back to the physical reality of the temple and the presence of my mother. She was remarking on the beauty of the archictecture of the building and I understood that she would not likely be able to experience what I had just experienced. I have been a Bahai now for 23 years and this fact has been consistent.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,religious,religious,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
957,ADC,1363,25,,F,"I sat on the edge of the bed as Shawn tried to comfort me, my crying seemed to intensify with the downpour of the rain. I looked up at the ceiling in our bedroom asking God for a sign. I asked him as a Catholic, saying out loud: I have faith and I know they say he is in a better place, but I need MORE! I need PROOF that he is OKAY! And just as I shouted this at God a sudden loud bang and flash of white light filled the bedroom. Shawn and I physically jumped out of bed because the crash was so loud we thought the window was going to crash in on us. We looked at each other, puzzled. Was that for us? Because the timing was just as if God was answering my prayer. Just as that happened we began to calm down and the rain also subsided. I told Shawn that it felt like an answer from God and it was so strange. The next morning Shawn went out to our car that was parked on the street. He heard muffled music playing that grew louder as he got nearer. When he opened the car door the radio was blasting music very loud on my brothers favourite radio station. When Shawn tried to shut the radio off, it would not turn off, he had to pull the system out of its dock to make it turn off. The radio remained like that for years. The wires were fried because that night our building and our car was hit by lightening, the very lightening that crashed outside our window at the very moment I asked God for a sign / for proof that John was okay. That isnt the end of it. From then on it was like the floodgates had opened. I got all kinds of signs from John, all kinds of instances of after-death communication, including a full apparition, physical phenomenon, electronic phenomenon and I would like to share that all here. I could write my own book about all the signs John gave me and my family after his death. He loved us so much his love transcended death and the tragedy of his loss made it that much more important that he get through to us and let us know he was okay. And God made it possible for him to do that.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Teacher,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
958,DEE,1317,54,,F,"Please see number 43 above. TO add to number 43 above: I heard nothing, but sometimes my dogs would perk up their ears at something.  I have learned that my husband in a different form, and his spiritual helpers, have been present with me during certain times when I have really needed his and their presence. I have learned through his presence through these forms of light that there is a wider realm of undying consciousness that is very beautiful and peaceful and full of love and light. I have asked, intended, that he include me in as much of this learning as possible so that I can better understand life on the other side of the veil, and so that I can be a better human being and can spread more love to the world. I have also learned that despite the horrendous pain and suffering he endured as a result of his cycling accident- he was alive for 13 days on all kinds of life support and conscious for much of this time, and paralyzed and unable to speak to me due to the intubation or trach tube- he is in a better place now and not suffering anymore, and yet he isnt really gone at all.    ",,I am a ci,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Ph.D,Univers,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
959,OBE,1531,30,,F,"I must first start out by explaining that I have had OBEs my entire life, beginning when I was about 9 or 10 years old. It was at this age that I began watching tv programs about people being visited by their guardian angels, or other such spirits, who had saved their lives, or sent these people messages of some monumental significance.  I was very much affected by these programs and began praying to god, or to whoever was listening to me, for some sign of the \xe2\x80\x98other side,\xe2\x80\x99 because I knew deep inside that there was more to life and I wanted to experience it firsthand as these other people did. I prayed every day obsessively and even created my own Ouija board out of paper and a ring, thinking I could make some sort of connection. The ring did eventually move, to my astonishment, but it was just my own energy that I was becoming aware of. So I began to feel my own energy throughout my body, as I do to this day, although for some time I believed it was a spirit taking over my body because it felt so foreign at the time, and as a young child I just didn\xe2\x80\x99t know any better.  Shortly after being aware of my own energy I began to feel my energy leave my body at night when I was falling asleep.  It was incredibly startling and disturbing, as it would jolt me awake, just as I was beginning to fall asleep. As I would awaken my energy would immediately slam back into my body. As a child I thought this was the devil taking my soul away, and I used to cry and pray to god at night. This happened all the time, and it was very frightening, and there was no one I could tell because I knew I would sound crazy. One night when I was crying and praying, I suddenly felt \xe2\x80\x93and had the image of- someone kissing my cheek. I felt the energy touch my face and sink into my skin- and then I felt an immense, overwhelming wave of intense love encompass my entire body, and I knew in my soul that I was loved and taken care of, that I was perfectly safe. I was in complete shock, and my tears turned to tears of joy- someone had responded to my prayers! I knew I was going to be ok! Somehow whatever was happening to me at night was not as horrible as I thought it was\xe2\x80\xa6and so I let it happen, knowing I was protected. I was so stunned by what happened-I had truly made a connection, the connection I had been yearning for. I knew there was more to this life, I knew there was nothing to fear, that someone or something was looking out for me. My fear of evil dissipated. I got used to feeling my energy leave my body at night, and it became a familiar sensation. Years later I would meet a friend in high school who would explain me that what I was experiencing was astral projection, and I would read books on the subject, as well as on many other metaphysical topics. As a teenager I would meditate and consciously expand my awareness, teaching myself to experience that profound love again and again, I would see auras, and have many other eye-opening spiritual experiences.  Throughout the years I have experienced OBEs in my dreams quite often, where I am flying around outside, in my house, out in space, all over the place. It is a fabulous feeling. I have not been able to consciously leave my body, though-only in dreams. As an adult I am very spiritual but I do not believe in any one religion or doctrine, nor in any god, heaven or hell, or in evil. I believe in my experiences, and in a profound and universal love that we are all a part of, not separate from, because of what I have felt and witnessed in my lifetime over and over again. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when I was 20 yrs old, and I was on lithium for 10 years when we come to the present time when this story unfolds, in July of 2013. There are many other events surrounding my experience I am to speak of, which are important to mention. At the time I most likely had lithium toxicity, as I was physically sick and severely confused, and my body was in convulsions for what seemed like weeks. I couldn\xe2\x80\x99t eat very well on my own due to the spasms and it took me an immense amount of time to get dressed and perform normal tasks due to the uncontrollable spasms caused by lithium toxicity. I never knew what day it was it was or what had even happened the day before. I was in bad shape. At the same time I was also malnourished for reasons I can only speculate onmy boyfriend had recently broken up with me so I had fallen into a deep depression, I was hardly eating, forgetting to take my meds, and hardly sleeping. I most likely was suffering from a mental breakdown. I was 89 pounds, which was also caused by the fact that I was on adderall- I had already been underweight, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t know how in the world I had lost 10 pounds so quickly. My brain was so fuzzy during that time period, s",,U.S. Citi,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",Some,Medical,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
960,OBE,1037,22,,F,No noise no sounds it all happened very fast.    ,,US    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Office,,single,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
961,NDE,1491,38,,M,"My best memory is first being in a very dark place as if I was flying down it was very scary and then I heard a very dark un recognizable voice that introduced himself as Lucifer. I was being told all the bad things about hell and I became very stressed and scared when all of a sudden a brigh light appeared along with the most angelic voice I had ever heard I cant explain how comforting the voice was and it spoke to me saying  dont worry you have an angel,at your side I never saw images of either lucifer or the angel just very distinct voices. I felt this unbelievable calmness after this beautiful voice spoke to me I felt in a very timeless place where physical beings were not present I just felt this unconditional love around me. When I awoke from my coma the first thing I said when I could speak was God is a woman I told this to my wife. I then asked her wht happened to me as I could not remember at first why I was in the hospital, the doctors told me I was dreaming and the drugs could cause thse kinds of things but never in my life had I used the word Lucifer or heard such an angelic voice. Ive kept quit about my experience except to my direct family until my wife bought me the proof off heaven book    ",,Current c,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,avera,avera,"100,000+",Did not,Self em,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
962,OBE,1142,27,,F,"I suddenly found myself out of my body looking at myself on the couch sleeping, I walked around the apartment and kept referring back to myself on the couch just to check for security for some reason it was comforting to know I was there even if I wasnt completely inside of myself any longer. I went into the bathroom in this spirit form and saw a great statue perched on the closed toilet seat that looked like a statue but I didnt realize it was the angel of death but either way I didnt feel any fear from it. I saw some mini creatures that were about 2-3 feet in size going into the drain of the bathtub happily and willingly and as the approached the drain they would spin as if being flushed and I could see this great release on their faces and wanted to experience that same release too. So I decided to follow them and the moment I willingly resigned my soul for it to be permitted to be flushed down the bathtub drain I felt for the first time complete separation of myself from something that had always been with me but because I had never been without it I didnt know I had always had it...that was this connection to God. It was only in that vortex that I immediately knew I had made a mistake by stepping into that bathtub drain and called out to God and asked him to take me back to my body on the couch over and over but the tunnel vortex thing I was in spinning inside of and going deeper felt so isolated and I felt so alone and felt that my pleading and cries couldnt even be heard from God. Then the angel I had seen perched on top of the toilet next to the bathtub swooped down and caught me as I was decending in the vortex and I began to justify myself to God asking why would you permit the angel of death to personally escort me to Hell I am not a bad person? I didnt know God had heard my cries finally I saw myself ascending through the floor boards of my apartment and the angel just rolled my spirit like a basketball down the angels arms and back into my body exactly as I was when I left it on the couch. The moment I was rolled out of the angels arms and placed back in my body I instantly opened my eyes and inhaled my life back into me and I knew that I had died for a short while but I didnt know exactly how it had happened. I stayed in that posistion awake asking God if I had had a heart attack or something...this experience changed my outlook on life.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,undec,avera,"25,000 49",docto,graduat,,single,single,Yes,undecided    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
963,ADC,1329,31,,F,See above    ,,USA    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Compute,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
964,ME ,1212,51,,F,"Two of my dear friends and I were in a trio during the practicum of our masters program. For this exercise, I was the client, my friend was the therapist,and another friend was a neutral observer. I was determined to get answers from Steve and absolutely refused to make anything up! In a Gestalt, you invite another person (who is not physically present) to sit in a chair across from you and talk to them. When youve said whatever you want to say, you trade chairs, sitting in the guests chair and wait to see what they say back to you (through you). I told Steve about all my regrets regarding him and my mothering of him. I poured out my heart and asked his forgiveness. When I moved into (his) chair, I just waited, determined to really hear from Steve or hear nothing at all. All of a sudden I felt this huge whoosh of energy coming from the upper right and landing on me. I could sense Steves effort to reduce his energy down to match mine. He said, in great excitement, (and this sounded exactly like Steve who loved mechanical things and physics and was a dare-devil) Mom! Youll never guess what Im getting to do up here! (It was said with such excitement. It was obvious he was in heaven! Finally he quieted and said, Mom, all the things I did to hurt you and all the things you did to hurt me are just stuff that happens on earth. Now were free to just love each other. A minute later he left.    ",,US citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
965,NDE,1024,65,,F,"I saw disturbing things at first, my sister having surgery which she did not survive this is only interesting because at the time I was having this event my sister was hospitalized in Tampa for a cardiac event too although I had no knowledge of this at all. She had an angio and had complications including bleeding and hematoma but she survived this. I did not mention to her for some months that I saw this in a dream and have never told her she did not survive it. I did see my mother during this STE and told her about it.    ",,US citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Junio,Medical,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
966,ADC,1313,41,,F,"My experience was a feeling that was both emotional and physical in nature. I cant say that I saw or heard anything, but I felt an overwhelming sense of peace and well being, which was odd considering that my dad had suddenly just died. I learned that my dad was completely and totally okay even though he was dead.    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Writer/,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
967,ADC,1130,40,,F,"I had been painting the wall of our upstairs hallway for what must have been hours. It was late at night, and my husband and two young sons were sound asleep. I was painting with a paint roller---back and forth, back and forth...... All of the sudden, two orbs appeared on my righthand side. They were balls of light about the size of a softball (perhaps a bit larger). They were together, and I knew that these orbs of light were my grandmother and grandfather. I just knew this. It was a known fact even though they didnt speak to me. The orbs then started to move/zoom around my body and then through my body. I remember feeling pure love and joy. It was the most incredible, wonderful feeling. Everything happened very quickly---no longer than a minute. It was truly amazing.    ",,U.S. Citi,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,weekly,week,moder,littl,"100,000+",maste,ESL tea,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
968,ME ,1397,25,,M,The pdf I will attach does this.    ,,Native bo,1 mill,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,I was a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
969,PLR,1026,42,,F,"I felt bigger than the Universe. I also had no perception of time. I felt as though I had been under for hours, when in fact the meditation would have only have been around 20 minutes.    ",,Australia,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,avera,very st,"50,000 99",some,Project,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
970,NDA,1179,16,,F,"I saw the stars in the universe flash past me as I was speeding away leaving the earth, to hear a voice telling me It was not my time, I have important things to do. I still wonder if I need to do more to complete the important things somehow.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,avera,"25,000 49",some,High sc,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
971,NDA,1461,14,,F,"I had an experience of feeling like I was suspended in nothing-ness. I had noe desire or need to breath . My experience was of feeling extremely peaceful and happy. My awareness was of being in a place like the night sky. It was very dark but there were twinkling lights like stars. I could hear beautiful harp like music.There was a presence there I felt was God. I spoke to God but not in words, just thoughts.I had no concern for myself, I was perfectly ok but I distinctly remember saying, Please God dont do this to my mother. She wont cope. She has just lost her mother. I then remember being pulled out of the water.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,High sc,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
972,ME ,1320,24,,M,"Please see above. What I felt was similar to what Dr. Alexander wrote in his book, but I did not have to die to experience it. There was a sense of stillness too. I felt overwhelming love, peace, serenity, ecstatic bliss and an ever-growing expanse into everything and the all. I learned that God is love and everything is made up of God or love.    ",,American,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
973,ADC,1209,54,,F,"One night during my sleep, I had a short but very powerful dream. I could see my father walking on a treadmill and my mother, who is still alive, was there too. It seemed to be in their home, but all I could see was my father and mother. I looked at my mother and said, Is that dad? and she replied, yes it is. I walked over to him and he was dressed differently than normal. He had a funny looking sleeveless down jacket on. He was a man who liked to look nice and this jacket was just not him. He had this wonderful smile on his face and his being generated such great warmth. There were no words shared, but I could feel his love beyond measure for me. It was like our spirits were talking. The message was I love you and I must go now. That was the end of the dream.    ",,United St,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Revenue,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
974,ADC,1514,40,,F,"I was sleeping with my 9 year old son, Connor. My brother, Tripp, came to wake me up to tell me that my step-mother had called to tell him my father had passed away. I believe the time was 2:36 a.m. or close to that. When Tripp whispered to my from the hallway, I immediately jolted awake. I knew why he was waking me. He told me that he was going to my dads house, but that I should not go. I went downstairs to tell my husband that my dad had passed. Looking back, I was very calm. I was not crying or upset. My dad and I had an extremely close relationship. I was wide awake, so it was not that I wasnt fully understanding, I just wasnt upset for some reason. I went back upstairs and quietly got back in bed so as not to wake up my son. As soon as I lay back down, I fell back to sleep with no problem at all. (Another thing that seems strange given the situation.) It seems as soon as I feel asleep, I wasnt really sleep anymore, but sitting on my couch at my own home in Savannah. I looked up from my couch down the hall to my front door. Our front door has glass panes in it. Through the panes, I could see my dad standing there. He looked young like he did when I was a little girl. He had on seersucker pants, a starched white shirt and a bright yellow tie. I couldnt believe what I was seeing. I slowly walked to the door. Time seemed to go very slowly. He was patiently waiting and just smiling at me through the glass, his eyes never leaving mine. As I made my way to the door, I knew that he shouldnt be there. I also wondered how I got from the bed at my brothers house to my house in Savannah. I knew that he was gone and should not be here on earth. As I opened the door, he smiled, and said, Hey there, Sweet Girl...I promised you I would come back to see you in Savannah. I just stood there for what seemed like a long time and then slowly walked to him and started to hug him, but then I remembered the pain it caused when I hugged him because of the tumors in his abdomen. But he sensed my hesitation, and said, It is OK Sweet Girl. You cant hurt me anymore. There is no more pain. Then he walked through the front door, into my foyer and straight up my staircase where he just kind of vanished...I stood and watched him walk away, then I just immediately woke up, and I was wide awake, and the dream was as real and vivid as if I had just been standing at my front door. I was not groggy at all or scared or sad. I was so happy and comforted that he had come to me. I could still feel our hug. I looked at the clock and less than 40 minutes had passed since my brother had come in to tell me that my dad had passed away. I lay there for over an hour replaying the dream. Then as I was falling asleep, I begged and begged him to come back.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,avera,avera,"50,000 99",maste,Realtor,,marri,marri,Unc,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
975,ME ,1165,13,,F,"I, once again, knew I was part of something much larger than myself and the people and circumstances below. It filled me in some way that allowed me to feel comforted rather than continuing to feel so alone. And then it was over.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Outside,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
976,DEE,1042,27,,F,"observered a divine entity not of this world while awake. I felt awe, protection. I heard a voice from her, but not from her lips. She was giving me a choice meaning There was a way out of this situation. She scared me, but I knew that it was good for me. I had to leave this place for everybodies best good. She would be leading me, along with other guardians. She was one of me.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,working,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
977,ADC,1121,45,,M,"At 12:30 AM on a Wednesday I was awakened from sleep by encountering a being comprised of white light floating above me and moving toward me. Initially, I was afraid and mentally cringed. As it approached me I felt overwhelming love wash over and through me. It then continued on. Two days later, I was informed that my mother had died within the last few days but was not found until Friday. No one knew her time of death.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Pilot,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
978,ADC,1529,65,,F,See above. The feeling afterwards was one of contentment and knowledge that he will always be with me.    ,,Citizen,"50,000",atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Homemak,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
979,OBE,1007,5,,F,I just remember how pleasant it was. It was something I enjoyed doing.     ,,U.S.    Q,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,avera,none,"100,000+",docto,I was 5,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
980,NDE,1331,12,,M,"I was bleeding internally after my tonsiectomy and threw up 2 quarts of blood. In the emergency room I barely could stay awake and just wanted to so badly sleep. As the rushed me into the OR I passed out. Next morning I awoke and never felt better. Then I got the details from my mom that it took 3 Dr.s and 3 interns to hold me down because I was thrashing about while they attempted to give me the transfusion. I then remembered seeing myself in the bed as this all happened but I saw it from above and saw my mom crying as the Priest read me last rites. Then I started to rise away from the scene and the white light appeared like a brightly lit hallway. As I moved through it the bright light gave way to an open non descript colorless area and there was my Grandpa. I ran up to him and hugged him around his waist and he patted me on the head as he said so good to see you Jay. I just started rattling off all the things we would do, go fishing etc. and he looked down and me and smiled as he listened to my enthusiastic descriptions. He held my hand and squatted down and said son...not now, not yet, you have to go back to your mother and be there for her and you have so much more to do yet before we can be together. And then I started to fade away from him as he waved. that was it.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Child,,single,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,youth
981,ME ,1268,40,,F,"I kept asking if there is a God I want to see God. If God is perfect I want to see perfection. I saw the brightest white gold silver light, felt absolute unconditional love touch me I was apart of it but as a spark of being a recipient of this love. The feeling of peace and tranquility was supreme. Then I got scared and thought maybe Im oxygen deprived and Im dying which stopped the experience as suddenly as it began.    ",,American,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
982,OBE,1238,34,,F,"Thank you very much for creating a space for these stories. I am very excited to tell mine. I am an artist and at the time I was transitioning from sculpture to painting. This extraordinary experience happened about thirty years ago.   One afternoon, before leaving for work, I decided to do a short meditation. I sat down on a carpet in my living room and assumed a meditation position. Moments after I closed my eyes, a clear blue window-like space appeared on the left side of the horizon. My conscious self became molecular, like a blip, or a tigle and I moved at the speed of light through the space. I first saw the edge of a sea. Beautiful sand edged the pristine waters which were gently rolling on to the shore. The area was completely clear of any vegetation or trees. I then found myself in the air, looking down at circular homes which were in a row. They were reminiscent of yurts or hogans. Then quick as a flash, I was inside, looking at a woman\xe2\x80\x99s back. She was tall, dressed in a black robe with crystals around her head. Telepathically I knew that she was a Priestess, a Healer. The Priestess was standing before an altar of some kind. Next, a small room emanating magenta light came into view. The room was translucent; the walls, ceiling, and floor emanated this gorgeous magenta light. Another room stood beside it, emanating a beautiful clear green light. Instantly I understood that these were healing rooms and that this civilization used color for healing and balancing the body.   I found myself outside, watching women and children playing on a hill. It was a bright sunny day and the children were laughing and chatting. On the hilltop there was a white stone post and lintel with three square colors atop the lintel. The colors were tints of the primary colors of red, yellow and blue. Every now and then a boy would run under the post and lintel to stand for a few moments. Then he would zip out to play again. I understood that this structure helped boys balance their chakra energy; it helped their energy flow without hindrance. Only the boys needed it; it was not necessary for the girls to do this.   Lastly, I found myself looking at the back of an old woman who was sitting on a bench. She was contemplating an exterior mosaic or mural that covered a long low wall. I approached this very colorful abstract wall. Soft sounds emanated from it as the colors moved and fused into each other. I knew that my gross ears could not hear the extraordinary beauty of the music that was created by the fusing colors. The wall was alive, changing into different configurations of beauty, much like a kaleidoscope. The old woman had created this beautiful wall and it was she who was responsible for bringing the concept of color healing into this civilization.      I re-entered my body with a great jerk and my eyes opened. I got up from my spot on the floor and went to work in a daze. There is no way for me to put into words how life changing this event has been. Seeing this beautiful world allowed me to understand the power and healing properties of color and sound. I continue to make art that will bring beauty and healing forces into our world.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Buddhist,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,artist,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
983,ME ,1489,56,,M," By about nine p.m. I noticed that I was hearing songs in a way I never had before. I seemed to be entering more deeply than usual into the mind of the writer and understanding what was being emotionally conveyed. So I kept listening. I felt the sorrows and joys of others as they spoke to me in song. I felt the tragic beauty in the passions, lost hopes and brevity of life as experienced by other people. There was a collision of sadness and beauty, a kind of majestic sorrow. I wondered if it was due to being fifty six years of age and being able to relate to many situations in life. Shivers repeatedly rose in waves up my spine from its base. I could not recall ever enjoying music to such an extent. I identified so closely with the singers, I became them. I could get up and go to the bathroom or get a drink of chilled water from the kitchen without losing the spinal effect. I then returned to the headphones and Yahoo Radio on the computer. The shivers of pleasure continued to rise in waves up my spine and began to intensify and surge down my legs and up my arms. The base of my head, at the rear, where the spine joins the skull was hit by waves of exquisite sensation with each new song. It felt like a hand was gripping the upper back of my neck where it meets the skull, and channelling in high voltage pleasure direct to my brain. After each wave of energy up my spine, this sensation did not totally subside, but seemed to remain as a scintillation of increased magnitude higher than the level before it. I became concerned as the euphoric physical effects intensified and extended in duration. I checked my pulse by the clock to see if I had an elevated heart rate associated with panic attacks. My pulse was normal and steady and my body felt very, very relaxed. I had the sensation of settling or falling back, deeper within my body, as the experience continued. My mind was paradoxically calm, intensely present, sharply aware and my cognition totally functioning and nimble. The waves of sensation up my spine became a volcanic rush that entered my head. I was thinking \xe2\x80\x9cOh, Oh, Oh! Awesome! Go with it!\xe2\x80\x9d Rivers of energy flowed outwards along my limbs. By now it was after midnight. My body felt almost weightless. I felt immense power flowing through my body. At one point I looked at my hands and they felt so full of the sensation of energy and so insubstantial that I wondered if they might pass through the wall if I tried. I touched the wall out of curiosity and my hand was certainly still solid as it touched the wall! It was just that I could not feel my hand. It went on and on, hour after hour as powerful waves of surging energy, ever intensifying. I was totally immersed in intense ecstasy. Suddenly, there was another huge rush of energy upwards. There was complete darkness. I found my locus of consciousness now resting in the centre of my head as a tiny pin point. The room I was sitting in had totally disappeared from sight. It was dark and comforting in the centre of my brain. Then, there was a final atomic eruption I could feel rising beneath this tiny \xe2\x80\x9cme\xe2\x80\x9d, my centre of total awareness, and it burst forth from the top of my head carrying that tiny point in a massive torrent of energy that felt like a clear, cool viscous liquid, and my awareness emerged into a infinite yet intimate space which was like an endless ocean where I felt connected to all things in the cosmos. I thought, \xe2\x80\x9cHuh! I must have died! Oh well, it\xe2\x80\x99s not so bad.\xe2\x80\x9d I had no fear. I was merely a point of consciousness with no body at all. I was overcome with immense gratitude for the privilege of having been alive, and for my life with its joys as well as its sorrows and the total improbability of just being. I thanked God.  Following on was an instantaneous, total life review. It was like viewing a three hundred and sixty degree panoramic picture screen with all of my life events played out simultaneously. Many of the things I had thought very significant in my life were not at all important. My preconceptions of right and wrong melted away. I did not feel judged in any way, I felt completely accepted. Everything was meaningful in my life and nothing I had experienced was wasted. The only things that now mattered in my past life were the times I had shown loving compassion to other people and living things. Then I felt enormous, limitless, feelings of joy, love, compassion and empathy for humankind and all living things. I felt intimate kinship with all humanity. I somehow was The Divine Mother with a heart for all my suffering beings and wanted to encompass them in arms of love and mercy and tell them everything was all right and always had been. Everything was perfect and always had been and always would be. At this stage I did ",,Australia,2001 2,religious,agnostic,Jewish,Hindu,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Enploym,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
984,ADC,1527,52,,M,"Occurred several years after death of mother( 1998?) In dream, mother entered what appeared to be a classroom setting dressed in a black top and black and white A line skirt. She told me Stacy is dead. No more was said. Had image of Stacy lying in a ditch beside a road. Stacy was our middle daughter who was away at school at the time and remained alive until committing suicide in 2014. (Of interest, Stacy also had visual image of he grandmother, Edith, my mother, shortly after my mothers death.)    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Army so,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All distressing,adult
985,OBE,1289,33,,F,"I was doing some computer work, and the next instant, I was standing in a barn. I could smell the hay and straw, and on my right side were stalls for horses, but there werent any horses in there. At the end of the barn was a Dutch door, with the top half open. To the immediate right of the door was a window. I remember looking at my feet, and I had boots on (nothing Id wear to work). I could also see the straw, and it was a bit dirty. Looking back at the end of the barn, flowing through the door and window was the warmest, loving white light. The light knew and loved me. The next instant I was back at my desk.    ",,Natural c,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Unaffilia,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Secreta,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
986,DEE,1295,5,,F,"I was about 5 years old. I was going through emotional trauma because my parents were divorcing and my beloved father had suddenly, without warning to me, and permanently left our home, leaving me to fend for myself with my withdrawn, unaffectionate mother and my older sister who hated me. One day I was leaving our 6th floor apartment to visit a friendly neighbor. I opened the front door but I stood on the threshold and couldnt go any further. I looked down the long dark hallway but I couldnt take a step off the threshold and out onto the hallway floor. Even though I walked down this dark hallway many, many times before, on that day I couldnt move. I was physically paralyzed. I tried to turn around to go back into my house but I just stood there unable to move. I couldnt move in any direction. My mind wanted to move but I couldnt get my body to move. Then a strange thing happened. I saw an ethereal mist surround me in the shape of a cocoon and it began to wrap itself around me, starting at my feet, going up and stopping at my neck. My whole body, including my arms, was wrapped in this mummy-like cocoon. It made me feel safe, protected and warm. It calmed me down. Then I got an idea how to break out of the paralysis. I suddenly put out my arms and began to twirl off the threshold. I twirled and twirled all the way down the long hallway. I remember my twirling became a habit because I was twirling in my home, in the hallways and in the streets. I thought I was dancing. I think that people thought I was dancing. I feel that Holy Spirit came to me on that day to protect me and to help me.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,I was a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
987,OBE,1526,13,,F,"First of many. In my bed...falling asleep. I feel like I am in a whirring tunnel. I feel a vibration...I hear a noise that sounds a bit like the noise the Six Million Dollar Man makes when he runs or jumps. I am paralyzed and in terror. Desperate to pull out of it...instead I pull through it and am On the other side. The other side consists of my father and my sister and her friend (all living at this time)My sister and her friend are dressed in doll clothes and wearing doll make-up. Big lashes, red circle cheeks. I am annoyed by them. I wake up then for real. I am alarmed as I realize that cant tell the difference between pulling out (waking up) and pulling through (waking in another dimension). The rest of the night is spent drifting/travelling in and out of these other wordly dimensions with people I know in various educational sketches. I personally know the meanings of many of these scenarios but they are not relevent. so I either wake up to my darkened empty room or wake up on what I now call the other side. This began a basic skill that I accessed many times later throughout my life.    ",,citizen,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,n/a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
988,NDA,1446,52,,M,"When I left my body I yelled out that I was sorry if I had hurt anyone in anyway while I was visiting Earth...apparently I yelled it out with so much conviction and emotion that I startled everyone around me...and He happened to be standing right over there...and He came over to where I was to see what all the commotion was all about...I didnt know who He was but I jumped in front of Him and began running my mouth...saying that I had just gotten out of prison, had cancer and was getting a big government check every month and that Id never have to work again and that I wasnt ready to die...I wanted to go back and have some fun...I got them all laughing at me...I got Jesus laughing at me...it was then that He reached out and touched me and instantaneously healed me of my cancer and sent me back to my body....I was told that I would live for another 26 years...that no one in the medical community would be able to explain how it was that I was still living...    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,dail,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,convict,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
989,ADC,1539,20,,F,"I awoke to find the car slowing on an exit ramp. The car stopped gently just in front of my grandfather, who stood with his hand out to stop it. Although I never met my grandfather he died before I was born I immediately recognized him. I smelled a distinctive smell very clean with a slight tang of either a spicy aftershave or pipe tobacco, like the really nice scent you may experience passing a fine tobacconists shop. My mother later told me that is what my grandfather smelled like. He stopped the car my feet were not on any pedals, nor was I still steering. He looked me in the eye and I heard a clear voice but inside my head, not through my ears telling me to pull into the parking lot and take a nap. He told me not to think about setting an alarm and that I would wake up when I was sufficiently rested to drive again. He also said to eat a decent breakfast before leaving, and told me exactly where to park just outside the diner in what he called a safe spot. He said he would get us home safely but that I was never to attempt to drive straight through again.    ",,Native bo,"100,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,College,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
990,DEE,1247,25,,M,"I chanted HU (an ancient name for God on the path of ECKANKAR) after asking to see the ECK Master Rebezar Tarz. In a couple of moments he appeared in my inner vision, his head and shoulders. It was the most incredible experience I have ever had. It was more real than reality. It lasted perhaps a second, two seconds, but I will never forget it. I saw him in full living breathing color. I was looking at him in full conscious awareness, I was not asleep, I was awake. There was LOVE, LOVE pouring off of him, streaming out of him in every direction, so much LOVE I couldnt imagine it. Its more LOVE than anyone could imagine exists and yet it did, and along with that LOVE was LIGHT the most intense but INVISIBLE LIGHT anyone could ever witness, it was invisible but it was as bright as bright could be. The intensity of the LOVE and the LIGHT flowing from this MAGNIFICENT BEING was beyond what my mind could grasp. I couldnt look at it, I turned my face slightly away, although this was all happening within me, I turned it slightly away because what I was seeing and what I was experiencing stunned my human mind, stunned it because the beauty of it, the transcendence of it and the LOVE itself was beyond human imagination. Then it was over. I will never forget it. Now, 35 years later, I still return to it in thought, it is still alive, it is still real. I have had many many other spiritual experiences over the years but this is perhaps the most profound. Any doubts I had about the existence of Rebezar Tarz or other ECK Masters disappeared. It changed my life, 2 seconds in a motel in South Dakota.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Janitor,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
991,OBE,1135,28,,M,"I EXPERIENCED MYSELF LOOKING DOWN AT MYSELF DRIVING MY CAR AND OUT OF BODY. I THEN EXPERIENCED A HAND PLANTING A SEED THAT BLOOMS QUIKCLY INTO A SUNFLOWER THAT THEN SPOINS AND AS THE STALK DROPS AWAY A GLOBE FORMS UNDER IT AND STARTS TO SPIN AND THEN ALL THE SEEDS IN THE HEAD OF THE SUNFLOWER SHOOT OUT IN THIER HELICAL PATTERN AND WRAP THE GLOBE, NOW THE EARTH IN SEEDS OF LIGHT. THEN I WAS BACK IN THE CAR ADN THEN BACK AT HOME. IT TOOK MY MOTHER SEVERAL DAYS TO CONVINCE ME SHE WAS NOT WITH ME IN THE CAR. SHE WAS THE FIRST PERSON I ENCOUNTERED AFTER, UPON ARRICING AT MY HOUSE A FEW BLOCKSD AWAY. IT TTOK A LOPN LONG TIME TO INTEGRATE IT AND I WAS VERY OVERWHELMED. I CAME TO THE CONCLUSION THAT god WAS TRYING TO GIVE ME A KICK IN THE ASS AND SAY YOU ARE ON THE WRONG PATH AND **this ** IS THE REAL THING    ",,American,"251,00",spiritual,atheist,Other,Other,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",High,STRUGGL,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
992,ADC,1329,31,,F,See above    ,,USA    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Compute,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
993,DEE,1075,37,,F,"I was very sick and due to fly from Minnesota to California for Neurosurgery in a few days time. I was in so much pain for about a year before being properly diagnosed with a rare spontaneous injury to my spine..not only was my condition rare but my general health was rapidly declining. I am a single mom with two kids who were pretty young and I only got out of bed to care to their needs then they would come to me at my bed. While in bed I wondered what would happen to them if I didnt get better and had questioned my faith as I was continuously praying. I was in bed and the room was silent. I started to pray and paused, meaning to continue I stopped because I felt too sick and had wondered why...then I heard a voice as clear as someone next to me and it made me hold my breath. He said my child, Im right here with you. Have faith I will never leave you. I know your walk is weary but I will not forsake thee. It is for my Glory. Just trust in me. Just trust in me. Im going to show you what you must go through to grow your strength in me, but I will not leave your side, trust me. Many will call me Holy because of your endurance and strength. This is the Word of The Lord.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Executi,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
994,OBE,1392,22,,M,"This story is an account of an amazing venture into the future that came about by what I, years later, came to know as a Near Death Experience. Although I wasnt physically near death at the time, I experienced all the earmarks of a classic Near Death Experience, including leaving my physical body and traveling at tremendous speeds through a variety of mystical dimensions.   A Window in Time By Joe   The cold March rain dripped steadily off the back porch awning as I ran water for my morning coffee. Through the kitchen window I could see streaks of snow across the muddy back yard. Where the yard ended and the dark gray bark of maple trees along the hillside took over, the snow still covered all the land. The phone rang. Setting down the coffee pot, I reached for the phone. Hello. I said. You wanna meet for lunch? Jim asked without even bothering to say hello. Sure, I replied. Anything to get me out and away from the boredom. We exchanged a few more words and hung up. I put the coffee pot on the stove, grabbed a quick shower, put on a sweatshirt, poured myself a cup of coffee, and sat down to read a couple chapters from an Eric Von Daniken book I had just picked up the day before. A couple hours later, I put on a rainproof windbreaker and headed for town. When I arrived at Charlies Lounge, Jim was already there. Whats the special?, I asked the bartender.  Burger and fries, he said. Good enough for me, I replied. Put some cheese on it too. Jim looked over and smiled. You wanna beer? Ah, its a little early for that I said. Come on, one with lunch wont hurt you. he said. Get him a draught, he said to the bartender. Jim was a road construction worker who hadnt been working for the past couple weeks due to the incessant rain. Id known him since we were kids. His boredom wasnt as intense as mine, but the cold, dreary rain was getting a lot of people down in this tiny Pennsylvania railroad town. It was a tough little town along the edge of the Allegheny Mountains in central Pennsylvania. The heart of Appalachia was just a few minutes away. The Vietnam War was just winding down and Watergate was front page news every day. Life, like the weather, was bleak. A month earlier I had finished a two year stint as a Military Policeman in Germany.  I was accustomed to the excitement of constant stimulation. As a policeman I had weathered the drama and tragedy of the Munich Olympics, witnessed first hand the violence of the militant Baader-Meinhof Gang, and while wearing the white hat of law enforcement, had been front and center in the unpredictable and dangerous world of heroin addiction. Okay, Ill sip on a beer, I said to the bartender. Jim smiled. When I looked in his direction I could see a couple guys playing a game of pool. Immediately my radar went off. Two brothers were playing a game of eightball. One of the brothers was a year older than me, and had been a superb football player. The other brother was a year younger than me and had always been a bit of a troublemaker. And, he was drunk! It just past noon and he was drunker than a skunk. Several years earlier, I had been in an all out fight with the younger one. I had knocked him down and was on top of him, pounding the living daylights out of him when someone pulled me off.  Here he was again. Drunk, and this time with his older brother, who it appeared he was going to try and impress. He was staring at me. His face was getting red. I could feel my adrenalin surging. Every drop of testosterone in my body was lit up. The two years in the military had added 30 pounds of muscle to my body. I had been trained in judo and self defense techniques. I was capable of putting anyone into submission in seconds. I was ready! To avoid initiating any confrontation and to maintain my focus, I chose to gaze at the cue ball(the all white pool ball) as it bounded around the pool table. A moment went by, then two. I kept my focus on the cue ball. I began developing a slightly different mind set. I clearly remembering saying to myself, I choose to not allow my emotions to dictate my actions. I choose to just stay focused on the neutral cue ball. Then BOOM, it happened. Suddenly, without warning, my entire state of consciousness shot directly out of the top of my head. Everything I knew to be me was traveling at a tremendous rate of speed, and accelerating by the second. At first I seemed to have shot through a tunnel like zone, then into a brightly lit world. I went past cities, land masses, continents, entire worlds. and universes. I clearly remember seeing a great River. I remember thinking at the time that it must be the River that St John spoke of in Revelations. I remember clearly because, at the time, I was a dyed in the wool atheist. But I didnt stop there. I just zipped on by. I saw things and concepts that I just didnt understand, bu",,US    Q.,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,militar,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
995,NDE,1487,30,,M,    ,,  Colombi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,  fine,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
996,OBE,1469,25,,F,"Suddenly I was outside my body. I seemed to be very small as I watched what was happening to me. I knew I was dying, or would die if he didnt stop. I prayed, Please, God. Dont let me die. I have two little boys who need me. I heard clearly, Use kung foo. My body became ridged and I put my arms straight up. My elbows locked and no matter how hard he tried to break them down they were locked in place. He could no longer reach my head. Once he realized he couldnt hurt me any more he sat back on his heels kind of dazed.    ",,Natural c,"251,00",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Bank te,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
997,DEE,1263,37,,M,"I was breathing underwater without an oxygen mask, somehow drawing bubbles of air from the water. My body wanted to go off and swim, turning and twisting, happy and playful. The light was bright blue higher up and darker blue below. I swam into the deeper blue until I could see the flat bottom of the lake, stretching out before me. I felt suddenly that all my old friends were there \xe2\x80\x93 there were no faces or shapes of people, but I knew they were inside these little round blue balls all over the lake floor. I could sense them powerfully welcoming me as an old and very dear friend \xe2\x80\x93 the feeling of so many friends and of being so thankful to see them again after so long made me both deeply happy and very sad at the same time. When my eyes started to well up, they told me that it was OK, they were there and they will always be there, and that they\xe2\x80\x99re in the beauty all around me.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Self-em,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
998,ME ,1362,40,,F,well I saw my father sitting up in his hospital bed completely bathed in light white white light. He was glowing. He was very happy. The ventilation tube had been removed from his throat. He said to us that the worst part about the surgery was the ventilation tube and machine. He was so glad to have it out. I told me Mom about it and I had a strong feeling that my dad was going to be fine and come away okay from the surgery. When I told my Mom she wondered if the bright light could have meant my Dad had died. But I assured her that I knew he was going to be just fine. Well. That day when we visited my Dad in the hospital he was sitting up in bed there was light from the window on him illuminating him! He said The worst part of it all was the ventilation tube.    ,,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,moder,"100,000+",maste,Childre,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
999,ME ,1379,49,,F,"I wish my daughter was writing this but I can share my experience. My daughter and I are very close. We have an unusually amazing mother \xe2\x80\x93 daughter relationship. I was scared during the 30 minutes she was in the cabinet and the lights were out. I stayed hyper aware of my surroundings. I knew Mychael was the real deal but I had a small amount of doubt in my mind that apporting was real and not a show. Inside the cabinet were s&#233;ance trumpets. One of the s&#233;ance trumpets was in front of my daughter but far enough away that she could not tip it over. She was seated in a chair, in the middle of the cabinet. After chanting, I heard something in the cabinet. It sounded like feet shuffling. Then, the trumpet tipped over. I got scared! I asked Mychael what he was doing and he told me it was not him. He was sitting in his chair the entire time and no one else could have possibly entered the space. He told me he thought an Ascended Master was trying to use the trumpet to talk to us! I began to shake! I have never been near anything like this. I am open-minded but full of old dogma from the JW religion. All my fears came up. I was scared but stayed silent. Soon, I felt the curtain on the cabinet brush across my foot. Mychael and I were sitting just outside the cabinet curtains so I would feel comfortable with my daughters training. Now, I am really getting freaked out. I could hear the pvc pipes that hold the curtains on the cabinet creaking. I checked with my hand to be sure Mychael was not pulling a prank on me. He wasn\xe2\x80\x99t; he was right there next to me in his chair. In all the years that Mychael has been trying to train people to apport, no one has apported! Especially not on their first try.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"100,000+",maste,She is,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1000,OBE,1480,51,,M,observed a radiating light with darkness surrounding it-Could not describe in words the ultra reality and love from the entity/soul-If I had to stay in that place forever Iwould not have minded it was all I could ever want in terms of the feeling of love etc. I felt it coming from that being it was so real it was as though the feeling was solid? more real than any feeling in the physical world.    ,,Australia,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",colle,Aquariu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1001,SDE,1563,44,,M,"I had this very vivid dream about my friend who was lying down in a hospital bed. In real life i had visit him the day prior and was lying unconscious in his hospital bed, under heavy sedation and palliative care. In my dream i was visiting him again but he woke up, and stared directly at me, not a word was exchanged but i had the strong feeling he was saying goodbye. I woke up then.    ",,canadian,2001 2,atheist,agnostic,Christian,Other,,,never,never,undec,none,"0 24,999",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1002,DEE,1467,46,,M,"I had a sudden, totally overwhelming feeling of being loved. It was so intense it was unbearable. It came with a message (unspoken) with 3 simultaneously delivered components This is how much you are loved You have always been loved thus, and will always be It doesnt matter what you do, you will always be loved this way.  I think the whole event lasted maybe half a second in real time I immediately burst into tears, and cried for about half an hour, crying I think because I had ever doubted that this was so, and that I had been completely unaware of this love. Rather like a lost child being reunited with a loving parent.    ",,british a,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,moder,none,"0 24,999",maste,enginee,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1003,PLR,1472,3,,F,More of a feeling and a knowingness that my thoughts were unquestionable truths and that I could access these truths as a strength and assurance in this life when I needed them...but honestly--I didnt want to be here and wanted to be back with God and I remember my soul ACHED.....in remembering ...    ,,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,"baby, n",,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1004,DEE,1425,33,,M,"I awake to nothing. No body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space: no near, no far, no light or dark. No heat, no cold. No emotion: no joy, no fear. Just calm awareness in a gray void. A moment / eternity passes. Light! A brilliant sun! And with it, darkness: the fullness of empty space. A small human figure stands in silhouette. My consciousness shifts. I become the figure; a human body standing in space before a radiant globe. I feel! I am bathed in intense light and heat; light and heat so intense that if I were in a physical form I would be vaporized. I am engulfed by boundless, infinite energy; overwhelming energy. Another shift in perception: energy becomes love. Energy and love are the same. Energy is love. I am embraced and cradled: infolded by a boundless field of energy/love, love which is personal yet vast beyond comprehension. I am seen; seen through. The barriers and masks that we construct to present an idealized persona to the world are blown away. Though the experience is veiled to me I perceive that my life in its naked reality is being lived and fully comprehended by a conscious presence. There is no judgment. My being with all its shortcomings, failures, and rough edges is unconditionally accepted, loved, and cherished. I become aware that what had first appeared like a sun is un-like anything from ordinary reality. I am in the presence of a radiant, fluid luminosity. An amalgam of water and light is the best approximation I can think of. The sense of being before a conscious presence intensifies. My mind buzzes with the desire to hold It, to explain and contain It with my thought. The more I grasp, however, the more It slips away. It cannot be grasped or named. I give up, let go, and allow myself to simply rest with It. With this shift from desire/grasping to acceptance I am permeated by light. In a blaze, the dark husk of my body flakes away. I become light. I am one with the light. I am the light, a fluid, radiant luminosity. I have no body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space. I am calm awareness in a radiantly luminous field of joyfully dancing light. A moment / eternity passes. I find myself with a luminous body. A thought is expressed without words: approach your live with joy and gratitude; compassion and acceptance. A cosmic chuckle: clear-eyed and hard-nosed. I am laughed at/with. \xe2\x80\x9cDon\xe2\x80\x99t take your self so seriously\xe2\x80\x9d rings in my mind. As I turn from the light a frigorific presence rushes from behind and past my left ear. It is a transparent nothingness consuming all energy in its path. It radiates a cold animus and an implacable will to be separate; to differentiate. As it rushes past an iron darkness warps around me. It fuses to me and I become dark and solid. I awake to an ordinary day.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,Archite,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1005,DEE,1557,45,,F,See question 8 answer.    ,,U.S.    Q,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Co-owne,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1006,ME ,1240,40,,M,"Please see previous answers. I learned that God is real, more so than this world. He loves us. Our existence is actually spiritual. He knows what we are thinking. If people realized how loving He is, no one would be afraid of dying. Also, it is extremely important, while we are here in this world, to release our brothers and sisters from our judgement (to forgive them) and to replace our judgement with unqualified love.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Life In,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1007,DEE,1214,69,,M,I did that in question #43. I learned that when this is finished refers to something that I do not know nor do I know what the the when means.  I know that I continue in the physical suffering.    ,,"Citizen,",1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Ordaine,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
1008,DEE,1467,46,,M,"I had a sudden, totally overwhelming feeling of being loved. It was so intense it was unbearable. It came with a message (unspoken) with 3 simultaneously delivered components This is how much you are loved You have always been loved thus, and will always be It doesnt matter what you do, you will always be loved this way.  I think the whole event lasted maybe half a second in real time I immediately burst into tears, and cried for about half an hour, crying I think because I had ever doubted that this was so, and that I had been completely unaware of this love. Rather like a lost child being reunited with a loving parent.    ",,british a,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,moder,none,"0 24,999",maste,enginee,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1009,DEE,1253,33,,F,"As I was praying, I felt a hand on my shoulder and heard a man say, Everythings going to be OK and simultaneously, my body was flooded with an incredibly warm sense of peace. It was like a big beam of sunshine blasted all the way to my inner core and the sunshine delivered peace. Its hard to explain but at the moment that the hand touched me and I was told that everything would be fine, I knew that everything really was going to be fine and my mind was INSTANTLY put at peace (and my body felt warm and safe). I opened my eyes to say thank you to the priest. Thats when I saw that THERE WAS NO ONE THERE. The priest was moving down the far end of the altar. There was a sunbeam coming through the stained glass window, but it wasnt some super nova strong enough to give me the warmth that I had felt. Also, I felt the hand on my should up until the second I opened my eyes. And the voice was a VOICE. I HEARD IT WITH MY EARS. It was not inside my head.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",maste,homemak,,separ,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1010,ME ,1034,35,,F,"Im not sure what happened. It wasnt a voice or a feeling. I just knew I had to stop living the way I was and I was not even sure why but it was so overwhelming that I could not avoid that one truth on that day. It came up inside of me and told me to stop. I knew that it was not my idea and I also knew I had to obey but that I would be ok. I was not scared and I did not know what to do. I found my way to a local DSS office, never having been to one before and lay on the floor in full withdrawal and asked for help. I was given a bus schedule to a rehab and found my way to it. I have been sober ever since by following spiritual priciples of my 12 step group.    ",,American,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",Some,Chef,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1011,DEE,1295,5,,F,"I was about 5 years old. I was going through emotional trauma because my parents were divorcing and my beloved father had suddenly, without warning to me, and permanently left our home, leaving me to fend for myself with my withdrawn, unaffectionate mother and my older sister who hated me. One day I was leaving our 6th floor apartment to visit a friendly neighbor. I opened the front door but I stood on the threshold and couldnt go any further. I looked down the long dark hallway but I couldnt take a step off the threshold and out onto the hallway floor. Even though I walked down this dark hallway many, many times before, on that day I couldnt move. I was physically paralyzed. I tried to turn around to go back into my house but I just stood there unable to move. I couldnt move in any direction. My mind wanted to move but I couldnt get my body to move. Then a strange thing happened. I saw an ethereal mist surround me in the shape of a cocoon and it began to wrap itself around me, starting at my feet, going up and stopping at my neck. My whole body, including my arms, was wrapped in this mummy-like cocoon. It made me feel safe, protected and warm. It calmed me down. Then I got an idea how to break out of the paralysis. I suddenly put out my arms and began to twirl off the threshold. I twirled and twirled all the way down the long hallway. I remember my twirling became a habit because I was twirling in my home, in the hallways and in the streets. I thought I was dancing. I think that people thought I was dancing. I feel that Holy Spirit came to me on that day to protect me and to help me.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,I was a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1012,ME ,1043,33,,F,I felt absolute love peace. a healing. It happened spontaneously. I longed after this to have more of it and have it happen more frequently.    ,,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1013,ME ,1549,56,,F,See answers above.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unity,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",docto,Mother,,divor,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1014,ME ,1103,20,,M,"As I stood there crying and asking God why he would put me through this I heard a voice. It was not exactly audible, but I heard it in my mind as though it was audible. The statement was very short and concise: You are not alone. That was all. It wasnt booming. It didnt have attending angels or visions, only that one sentence. And yet the reality of it stuck with me. It was not like it hit home or bowled me over. It was just .... true. And nothing else. My grief didnt end, my situation didnt change. The heartbreak continued for months afterwards. However, it made a mark in me that I could not ignore. It is almost as if I could never be naive again about being alone. I shook my fist and cursed God sometimes, but I have never, since that day, believed I was alone. Oh, I am sometimes lonely, but thats situational. I never believe Im alone.    ",,Natural c,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1015,ME ,1181,29,,F,"Immediately I experienced a musical, multi=colored light that was dimensional and had moving facets as it poured into me, and I heard Jesus chuckling (I was somewhat indignant, did He not see my sorry estate?) He chuckled in a fatherly way as though I were a newborn kitten with its eyes closed in terms of understanding anything and He asked me Are you afraid to suffer? Then, then! The influx of a body of knowledge instantly came into me about how short life is and how long eternity is, how there is no suffering in eternity and nothing can ever hurt Jesus so He has no need of pride because He cant be hurt, I perceived that He is completely humble because of that total lack of need for pride. He is perfectly happy to have anyone, anyone, anyone! join Him in heaven, and is happy to have anyone even want to join Him there, especially if you dont hate Him. I was shocked that anyone could hate Him, but yes, people do and He is happy to let them go elsewhere. The musical colored light had brought me a complete mood change from agonizing mental pain to joy. I felt I would climb mountains and swim the sea for Jesus. He was jovial and amused, humble and enthralling.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Secreta,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1016,DEE,1175,42,,F,"I did above. I know these were real. Once when I was a unwed mom at 18 back in the 70s, Life was so hard. I was lost and alone, trying to raise my son alone, I was so tired, I worked very hard and hardly slept, but I knew I was awake and I remember asking God aloud while driving in my car, why am I here What do you want from me  Why cant you help me take care of this little one and what is this life all about. I got an answer. It explained everything, and I remember me suddenly understanding everything. He told me and I had it, and just as quick as I had it, I forgot it. I can remember that I had received the answers that were amazing, I had the answers it all made incredible sense, then poof gone in an instant. I wanted for years to go to some one who could help me remember what I had lost, hypnosis or something, but never did. It was real. I have had three experiences in my life that are real, that most would think I was crazy over.     ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,undec,none,"25,000 49",Some,Veterin,,single,single,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1017,DEE,1046,35,,M,"few weeks ago I had a powerful experience. I wouldnt call it a dream. I needed to write it down so I can remember the full intensity of the experience. Also to be able to reflect upon it, both now and in the future.        It has taken me sometime to get it all down; I have laboured to get every moment, every feeling, every thought that I had during it down on these pages- there was a lot to it. Its taken upwards of three weeks to get it all down completely. The experience started with a prayer to God I made the night previous. The prayer was; To show me a path out of my dilemma, and to show me how I got to be where I am now. I went to sleep that night and then I found myself in a familiar room from my past. I found myself in a spectacular room packed with Christmas presents, Christmas ornaments, and a Christmas tree. All unique in the fact that they were all composed of the same colours; black and silver. It was beautiful. It was breathtaking. It was simply astounding to be in the room.        I have a memory of being in that room, long, long ago, possibly even prior to my birth into this world. I remember being in the room and playing with many other children there, all of whom were equally astounded to be there. After playing for a while in this room the adults there began to give away Christmas presents to all of the children. I received my FIRST Christmas present there. I watched, as the other children opened their boxes and they received all kinds of toys, exquisite clothing and other gifts that were extraordinary to be sure, but I chose to wait till the end of the presentations to get my box towards the last. At my turn to receive a gift, what I found inside my box was a small floating glowing crystal.  The adults there asked me if I wanted it. I remember looking at it with intense curiosity. It shone brightly in silver, and then would fade to black- but even then when it was completely black, you could still discern that it was a beautiful crystal. Then after awhile it would lighten, it would become black for a while and then it would become somewhat silver, and then fade back some then again silver and then again black. Sometimes completely black and sometimes brightly silver. Some of the other children had received this type of crystal, as well, in their first Christmas presents. All of the crystals were similar, but each shone and faded at different intervals and for different periods of time. I examined some of the other lucky childrens crystals, some shone brightly silver most of the time, others would shine and then fade at regular intervals, others were erratic- shining and fading at seemingly random intervals. All were beautiful and all looked extremely fragile. All of the other kids who had not received a crystal were jealous of what the lucky children had received. It was like they had not passed some type of a test of character and they were not yet ready for this type of a gift. Again, the adults there in the room with me expressed some doubt, and asked me if I wanted my present? Again I looked and compared my crystal with what the other lucky children had, my crystal with this second look seemed somehow defective. My crystal had long periods where it would be completely dark, several periods where it would be between dark and light, and very short periods where it would shine brighter than any of the other crystals. Then it occurred to me that this wasnt a defective crystal at all, but in fact, a unique crystal that was completely different from any of the others that I had seen. I said yes- I wanted my present, and this present, this present of this oddly glowing and fading crystal was actually the gift of a life in this world. I got my life out of it. The other lucky children got their lives out of their crystals as well, each life different from the next.        This time, now, that I was in the room, everything was the same except there were no other children here. I was equally astounded to be in this meticulously decorated room and yet, I had a sense that I didnt want any of it. That it was just a memory from long ago, and that having matured to middle age- I didnt want any of it anymore. It was like the passing of a stage. How many of the other children had settled for the shiny wrappers and the electric thrills, ornamental clothing and toys, and I, like a few other lucky ones, had waited till the last and received the most precious gift of all- a life, and now I didnt want mine anymore!  And from here I felt I had passed a stage into another room up above the room I had been in. I was lifted up on a strange device that swung me back and forth, gradually upwards towards this other room further up above. This next room was an empty schoolroom, barren and empty except for a freshly shiny-waxed floor and a man in what appeared to be a secu",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Truck d,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1018,ADC,1246,60,,F,"Details are above, but I learned that my gut was right...there is a much larger picture and we just dont know about it...my favorite saying is that we just dont know it all....and wont until will die.    ",,United St,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,moder,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Real Es,,marri,widow,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1019,ME ,1325,15,,F,"THIS IS THE OPENING PARAGRAPH OF A BOOK IM WRITING: I was going on fifteen when the Creator of the universe decided to zap me, at a junior high Bible study I\xe2\x80\x99d gone to for purely social reasons. (I\xe2\x80\x99d known I was gay for about a year, but\xe2\x80\x94happily\xe2\x80\x94the process of chasing girls wasn\xe2\x80\x99t really any different from what most of my friends were doing to chase boys.) After a half hour or so of chips and dip, Hawaiian Punch, and awkward attempts to impress our newfound objects of desire, we giggly adolescents settled down in our classmate\xe2\x80\x99s living room, and the Presbyterian minister began a simple talk about the parable of the sower. A few minutes into it, suddenly a huge presence\xe2\x80\x94way too big and powerful to be a product of my imagination\xe2\x80\x94was lifting me up and showing me, in a blinding flash of light and truth, that everything on Earth was contained within a sort of giant aquarium, which was itself part of a larger world where everything was filled with love and light. Suspended, just for an instant, above the sofas and chairs and paintings, I knew everything was going to be OK, and that nothing earthly was really very important in itself, due to the planet\xe2\x80\x99s position as a world within a larger world. A minute or two later, I tuned back in to the minister\xe2\x80\x99s talk, and he was on the last category of the sower\xe2\x80\x99s seed, that which fell on the good soil and yielded a hundredfold crop. This made my brain feel like it was going to explode with joy.     ",,US citize,"100,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",docto,ninth g,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1020,DEE,1319,51,,F,"I awoke at 2:00 a.m. and noticed a dim light that appeared to be emanating from the wall in the hallway. I thought that was odd, as all the lights in our apartment were turned off and my husband was asleep in the living room. I sat up in bed to get a closer look when I saw two images very clearly displayed on the hallway wall, which appeared in the center of that dim light. They were two shadows, one in the shape of a butterfly and one in the shape of a dove. They were quite detailed. The butterfly, for example, had the veins in its wings prominently outlined as if it were made of stained glass- but it was a shadow, in black and white. The dove also appeared to resemble an image you might see on stained glass, only black and white. I sat up further and spoke out loud to myself: I am awake. This is real. What I am seeing is real... Then, the butterflys wings began to move and it flew up the wall and to the ceiling, where it disappeared. Next, the doves wings began to flutter, and it also moved up toward the ceiling and disappeared. I had the intense impression that this was a sign that I had moved in a positive spiritual direction that day, by having that talk earlier with my husband in which I opened up about myself. I felt very, very happy. Not ecstatic, just happy. I remember smiling intensely before going back to sleep.    ",,US    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,weekly,seldom,moder,littl,"100,000+",maste,Speech-,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1021,ME ,1181,29,,F,"Immediately I experienced a musical, multi=colored light that was dimensional and had moving facets as it poured into me, and I heard Jesus chuckling (I was somewhat indignant, did He not see my sorry estate?) He chuckled in a fatherly way as though I were a newborn kitten with its eyes closed in terms of understanding anything and He asked me Are you afraid to suffer? Then, then! The influx of a body of knowledge instantly came into me about how short life is and how long eternity is, how there is no suffering in eternity and nothing can ever hurt Jesus so He has no need of pride because He cant be hurt, I perceived that He is completely humble because of that total lack of need for pride. He is perfectly happy to have anyone, anyone, anyone! join Him in heaven, and is happy to have anyone even want to join Him there, especially if you dont hate Him. I was shocked that anyone could hate Him, but yes, people do and He is happy to let them go elsewhere. The musical colored light had brought me a complete mood change from agonizing mental pain to joy. I felt I would climb mountains and swim the sea for Jesus. He was jovial and amused, humble and enthralling.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Secreta,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1022,ADC,1315,47,,F,"After the Beach Boys &amp; Louie Louie songs played, and I talked with the other shoppers about feeling my sister had made the DJ play Louie Louie, I walked home. I was sad that my sister had died (she survived 8 months after dx with cancer), I was exuberant that she had contacted me. I talked with my father over the phone. He said that after the memorial service for her, he was cleaning the drink containers. A butterfly of a hue hed never seen (and he was an astute Naturalist) landed on the tap. He decided to leave that tap &amp; go inside. Came back the next day &amp; same butterfly was there. 3rd day &amp; it was there again. He said Kathi, if that is you, go on to Heaven and the butterfly flew around his head &amp; on up into the sky. Dad became more spiritual after that    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1023,DEE,1335,29,,F,"It was a male voice, it must have sounded something like my then fianc&#233; because I thought it was him yelling my name. He yelled my name which alerted me to react which I did and I heard nothing else.    ",,A US citi,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,Outside,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1024,ADC,1233,45,,F,"One morning about six weeks after Chelsy died I had this overwhelming urge to call Diana. I didnt know why or what I would say but I called her right right after I got out of the shower, wet head and all.....at the end of the reading she said wait, wait....your daughter is coming to me.....its her....she is with a guide....hes someone from your past, helping her now.....she is not speaking but she wants you to know how happy she is....she is holding up pictures of beautiful flowers, vivid colors, she is smiling from ear to ear. Then she said Chelsy wants you to know how much love her body holds for you. And that her job in heaven was to help her sister Carrie. At that point I lost it, again crying uncontrollably....I had never heard of an encounter like this. Afterwards I wrote it all down so I wouldnt forget it.....then like Dr Alexander I read everything I could get my hands on. Hello from Heaven comes to mind along with Embraced by the Light......I was obscessed to learn everything that I could about what had happened. I didnt tell too many people as I knew my Christian friends may be judgemental about my involvement with the psychic. Hell, after all I had been through, who should judge...God was merciful to me; Diana helped me more than any counselor ever did in my lifetime.    ",,"USA, born","25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,My back,,divor,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1025,DEE,1201,35,,F,"I was comforted, I felt at peace. I felt strong when my mother died later that day, and I coped well with the days following, helping to support my family. I told some people about the experience and they thought it strange that my mothers spirit could have visited me when she was still alive. I was told later by someon else that it was likely to have been an angel who came to me, to give me strength. I am content to believ this assertion.    ",,British,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"25,000 49",maste,Busines,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1026,ADC,1085,58,,M,"I fell asleep right away and slept soundly, something I wasnt used to. During my sleep it became light and my dad was right in front of me. He was smiling and told me the answer to my prayers in a way only dad would answer... Charlie, in order to succeed you have to be committed. It was crystal clear that it was him and the message he delivered was meant to reveal the two paths I had to choose from... To be committed to my work or be committed to the Psych ward. I felt such joy as I have ever felt with the surity that the encounter was real and that he knew that I would understand that he is watching over me; that being committed to my work meant being committed to my life. I think of him now when things get a little rough and look forward to seeing him on the othe3r side.    ",,us citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1027,ADC,1081,46,,F,I have 30 journals with all 285 dreams.    ,,United st,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Junio,Clothin,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1028,OBE,1410,22,,F,"It really happened very very quickly. One minute I was watching tv and then I believe I had fallen asleep. All of a sudden I felt myself come out of my body and in a flash, my spirit, or whatever you want to call it, was out of my body, across the room, in front of the television. I saw the television and then I was just there, right in front of it. It was still on but I cant recall what was showing at the time this happened, I just know it was on and I could see it. I remember feeling this amazing sense of freedom and that I could go anywhere I wanted, as quickly as I wanted. I looked at the hotel room door and thought to myself, I want to go out there, see how far I can go like this. It was a very very pleasant and unbelievably exciting feeling, but I was also scared.  In that instant while I was looking at the door thinking about going further, reveling in this sense of freedom, speed and excitement, I suddenly I heard a voice (it wasnt a voice like we speak in the literal world, it was a voice that I could identify as male, I think, but instead of speaking out loud, it was like a knowledge in my head. Its hard to convey this correctly) saying If you want this to stop, you have to wake up now. I heard it and was still looking at the door. The voice/knowledge again said Sally, if you want this to stop you have to wake up NOW! with heavy heavy emphasis on the word NOW.  This time I listened and the next thing I knew, I was back in my body, sitting up and sucking in a HUGE gulp of air as if I hadnt taken a breath in a very long time, the same way you would if you were holding your breath under water for as long as you could stand and then surfaced. I was so scared of what I had just experienced I ran to the min-refrigerator, grabbed one of the beers from the six pack i had bought earlier, along with my cigarettes, and went outside where I drank the entire beer and smoked probably 4 cigarettes in a row. I was TERRIFIED to go back to sleep. I truly felt like I was going crazy and imagining what had just happened to me. When I finally went back to my room I stayed up as long as I could because I was afraid to go back to sleep and that it would happen again. At the time, I didnt want it to happen ever again. I finally did go back to sleep and slept peacefully the remaining few hours I had left before my flight. It has never happened to me again. I will be 40 this September, so its been almost 18 years since this happened and it has never happened to me again.    ",,US    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,moder,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Active,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1029,ME ,1195,60,,F,"It was an experience that lasted, perhaps 4 or 5 seconds, that parallels Dr. Alexanders description of his experience in his coma. I was in what I believe was the thin space between awakening and perhaps dreaming (or perhaps oxygen deprivation through Apnea or astral travel?) when I became conscious of the feeling of experiencing everything in the Universe all at once. (My best description of the event.) It was delightful and happy and amazing and as I became conscious, I tried to go back to sleep so that I could enjoy more of this. However, I knew without a doubt, that it was not a dream, that it was nothing I had ever experienced before, that it was unexplainable, and I was in the middle of it.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Busines,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1030,DEE,1511,34,,M,Please see enclosed attachment for full story    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,I worke,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1031,ME ,1089,36,,F,"At the time I felt that I met God and learned many things about the universe and my role in it (but I didnt hear anything, I just learned). I also felt conflicted/afraid because I thought that it was impossible to meet God and learn so many things, so I felt like I was losing my mind. However, I managed to keep my job, run my lab, and continue normal living through it without seeking medical attention, so in that sense I had not lost my mind. At the end of it, I had a much more concrete spirituality/belief system. I felt infused with certain knowledge. For example, I had never thought about a triune God, but I was infused with a belief in a triune God and an understanding of the concept (even though I cant put it into words). I felt infused with the concept of a Son of God (Jesus). I saw many levels of overlapping consciousness on earth. I understood my necessary place in the universe through specific visions of relatives/loved ones. I absolutely believed in a God that is love and ultimate reality, who has a hand in everything we do. I was called into contemplation. I had to spend many many hours in silence in Church and on walks. I had to listen to Pachelbels Connon many times. I felt I was learning the most important information available to human beings directly from God.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",post,Profess,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1032,ME ,1406,55,,M,"  In 1954 I was born in Astoria Queens, NYC and brought up in the Diocese of Brooklyn. I attended Our Lady of Mount Carmel School and Church. My family moved to Northern New Jersey and I finished my Catholic School in Immaculate Conception in Franklin NJ Diocese of Patterson. To my parents credit one can see where the foundation of my Catholic Faith was formed. I was dragged to church. Didn\xe2\x80\x99t want to be there so eventually when I was old enough I left. I lived a very sinful life. One can only imagine where I was but I was not with God. I joined the Navy and began to become an adult and my world did not include God. Things happened to me that in retrospect God must have chose me for better things because my Guardian Angle was very busy.  I met Protestants, while in the Navy. These people were FIRED UP FOR THE LORD. They were obnoxious thumping their Bibles. I didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand them. Finally in 1975 I associated with them enough that in Key West Baptist Church I accepted Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior. The evil one still had a hold on me and I soon returned to my secular and sinful way of life. As we headed east for Desert Storm in 1990 there were definately more Christians than I have ever seen on an Aircraft Carrier before in my life. History is what it is with that war. Prayer works. Never doubt it.   I did get married to Paula in 1982 in St. Monica\xe2\x80\x99s Church in Sussex NJ. We had a good life as a Navy couple. We attended Mass sometimes mostly non-denominational services. For some reason I developed an attitude toward the Catholic Church.  I retired from the Navy in 1999 and by 2003 we found ourselves in Warrenton VA attending the Warrenton Presbyterian Church. Make no mistake the Pastor and congregation of Warrenton Presbyterian are blessed people. I had attended a Methodist Church for a couple of years, while living in NY so going to church now in my life became a necessary event. But I still was not dedicated to it. I had a Protestant perspective on forgiveness, which is what the Bible says happens if we repent; That is what I was taught by Protestants, however it still is not the teaching of the Catholic Church.  Life was good life was bad. I had some financial difficulties with other obstacles in life and I earnestly prayed to God that he help me get my life in order. Paula and I by the grace of Divine Providence found St. John the Evangelist church in Warrenton VA about 2006. It reminded us of our old time Catholic up bringing and we both felt like re returned home. We stayed.   Now in 2012 at age 57 I\xe2\x80\x99m going to back track. At age 54 or 55 I attended Mass during Easter. Father Cozy discussed the Divine Mercy Chaplet and Saint Faustina. I thought it was interesting that all one had to do was say this chaplet for salvation. Fr. Cozy had planted one of the larger mustard seeds of faith in me, no doubt. As a government contractor my customer was the Navy. I was able to walk the walk and talk the talk with Sailors so I excelled at my job (at least I thought I did). It wasn\xe2\x80\x99t until I was age 55 that I bought my copy of St. Faustina\xe2\x80\x99s diary. I had to ride two large deck helicopter and aircraft carriers in a month\xe2\x80\x99s time so my travel to west coast gave me plenty of time to read the diary. I read through St. Faustina\xe2\x80\x99s diary like a novel. I eventually realized this was a 20th Century Saint talking directly to me. She was talking directly to me! Through Providence I started saying one Hail Mary a day also eventually this lead up to a full Rosary. I guess the door with no doorknob on my heart was being opened to Jesus. Things started to happen. While on one of the ships I shared a stateroom with two Harrier Pilots. They were both Catholic and noticed what I was reading. We shared some fellowship. I finished the Diary and it was like there was a bonus CD in the back of the book. The bonus was St. Faustina stayed with me. I\xe2\x80\x99m not going to say apparition in this essay, but I will say \xe2\x80\x9cheightened spiritual awareness.\xe2\x80\x9d I had this sense Sister was with me. I attended my first Divine Mercy Service that Easter and completed the novena prior to that. I was able to venerate and kiss a first class relic of St. Faustina during the service a woman had and shared with us all. It was about this time in May that I was coming home form work. I pulled in my driveway and was gathering my wits when in my interior voice. The interior voice! In my interior voice from nowhere I heard a woman\xe2\x80\x99s voice say thank you. The voice was so beautiful and melodic. It could only be associated with Our Blessed Mother. I paused and took it in. Hopefully I said a prayer. I don\xe2\x80\x99t remember but I probably did. Within weeks something else happened. My commute to wor",,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,dail,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1033,ME ,1109,40,,F,I learned that there is no Cheryl. This physical life is an illusion.     ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Real Es,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1034,ME ,1268,40,,F,"I kept asking if there is a God I want to see God. If God is perfect I want to see perfection. I saw the brightest white gold silver light, felt absolute unconditional love touch me I was apart of it but as a spark of being a recipient of this love. The feeling of peace and tranquility was supreme. Then I got scared and thought maybe Im oxygen deprived and Im dying which stopped the experience as suddenly as it began.    ",,American,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1035,OBE,1238,34,,F,"Thank you very much for creating a space for these stories. I am very excited to tell mine. I am an artist and at the time I was transitioning from sculpture to painting. This extraordinary experience happened about thirty years ago.   One afternoon, before leaving for work, I decided to do a short meditation. I sat down on a carpet in my living room and assumed a meditation position. Moments after I closed my eyes, a clear blue window-like space appeared on the left side of the horizon. My conscious self became molecular, like a blip, or a tigle and I moved at the speed of light through the space. I first saw the edge of a sea. Beautiful sand edged the pristine waters which were gently rolling on to the shore. The area was completely clear of any vegetation or trees. I then found myself in the air, looking down at circular homes which were in a row. They were reminiscent of yurts or hogans. Then quick as a flash, I was inside, looking at a woman\xe2\x80\x99s back. She was tall, dressed in a black robe with crystals around her head. Telepathically I knew that she was a Priestess, a Healer. The Priestess was standing before an altar of some kind. Next, a small room emanating magenta light came into view. The room was translucent; the walls, ceiling, and floor emanated this gorgeous magenta light. Another room stood beside it, emanating a beautiful clear green light. Instantly I understood that these were healing rooms and that this civilization used color for healing and balancing the body.   I found myself outside, watching women and children playing on a hill. It was a bright sunny day and the children were laughing and chatting. On the hilltop there was a white stone post and lintel with three square colors atop the lintel. The colors were tints of the primary colors of red, yellow and blue. Every now and then a boy would run under the post and lintel to stand for a few moments. Then he would zip out to play again. I understood that this structure helped boys balance their chakra energy; it helped their energy flow without hindrance. Only the boys needed it; it was not necessary for the girls to do this.   Lastly, I found myself looking at the back of an old woman who was sitting on a bench. She was contemplating an exterior mosaic or mural that covered a long low wall. I approached this very colorful abstract wall. Soft sounds emanated from it as the colors moved and fused into each other. I knew that my gross ears could not hear the extraordinary beauty of the music that was created by the fusing colors. The wall was alive, changing into different configurations of beauty, much like a kaleidoscope. The old woman had created this beautiful wall and it was she who was responsible for bringing the concept of color healing into this civilization.      I re-entered my body with a great jerk and my eyes opened. I got up from my spot on the floor and went to work in a daze. There is no way for me to put into words how life changing this event has been. Seeing this beautiful world allowed me to understand the power and healing properties of color and sound. I continue to make art that will bring beauty and healing forces into our world.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Buddhist,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,artist,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1036,DEE,1157,20,,F,"I was dreaming. I saw a being that seemed feminine. He/she had long silvery/blond/fair hair...in what I describe as being a blue garment, and surrounded in the brightest, bluest light I had ever seen. He/she was communicating with me. I felt a lot of love and care coming from this being...he/she loved me and was telling me important information about something that was going to happen soon. He/she was preparing me for something. When I awoke, I remembered no words. I couldnt tell you what he/she said because I remembered nothing of the conversation.  A little while later, days of weeks, I dreamt that I was at a party and i was telling someone that I had had a baby girl, but she had died.    ",,Australia,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Some,Mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1037,ME ,1458,34,,F,"While hiking, I suddenly had the sensation to perceive the colors more vividly. I then saw a bright light (an even some kind of pinky light and green lines\xe2\x80\xa6) and felt like melting into the nature. I was like literally inundated, showered by love. I am some kind of an orphan and feels lonely sometimes. It was like receiving the purest love, comfort ever. I didnt hear words per se but I felt like receiving s very strong and powerful message that I was able to translate immediately: you are loved, then you should never worry and then you never need to justify yourself to anyone. It was extremely strong, determined and healing for me. While having the sensation to melt into nature, I felt that the hikers I was encountering were like an extension of my own body. I felt love and compassion for them and I felt they felt my love for them. I wanted to embrace everything and everyone. I kept looking at my hands as if I had a sudden comprehension: there are no limits in matter, we are all One. After the hike, I called my best friend in NY telling her that life was marvelous, that we should love everyone etc\xe2\x80\xa6 that I suddenly understood songs like Imagine, One or the Man in the Mirror. I felt so grateful for life, quit smoking immediately and didnt fear death anymore.    ",,France,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,writer/,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1038,DEE,1001,12,,,"I looked behind me to thank the young boy but he was not there. He simply vanished. When I caught up with my friends I asked them if they had seen a young boy and they said no. I assume the young boy was a guardian angel who interevened to save my life. If the snake had bitten me, I would have been dead within 20 minutes. Coral snakes are among the most deadly and venomous in the world.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,,,,,never,never,none,none,"0 24,999",maste,student,,single,marri,,none,,youth
1039,ADC,1146,41,,F,"An orb of very bright light very abruptly came down from the sky and settled on the empty front passenger seat of my minivan. It was so bright I could not look directly at it. I heard my fathers voice say, I will take care of your mother. Then it was instantly gone. I was so upset I cried the rest of the way to the school, about 5 minutes. Two days later my mothers only remaining brother passed away very unexpectedly.    ",,United St,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,chemica,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1040,OBE,1259,30,,F,"This sense of Oneness remained with me so tangibly and ther4e was a sense of Presence which lasted for many months. I used to wake up in the morning and my first thought was Is it still there?. I didnt see phenomena outside myself, it was a sense of Pure Being. It was as if a portion of my brain/mind had died or been forgotten and a new holistic awareness was now able to answer every question I had. I was drawn to classical music, especially Beethoven, and I bought Shakespeares works and felt I understood it all even though I had no interest before. This all began to happen 36 years ago and now its all a distant memory. But I KNOW God exists and that existence manifests as Love including Law.     ",,German,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1041,OBE,1521,43,,F,"I had a two part experience with this series. I had an OBE with the first and fourth meditation. In the first meditation I experienced a dropping down into my heart. Once that happened, I felt myself leave my physical body. I found myself in the rings of Saturn. I observed this area for a bit. I could feel something like wind and could hear the planet rotating. I watched as rocky material went by. I say watched, but it wasnt like watching with your eyes. I felt like I was going in a circular motion and felt like I was standing, but not really standing. I shifted my consciousness to look down because I felt like I had moved from the rings to somewhere else. I found my consciousness in the middle of the DNA helix. It seems like I stayed there for quite awhile and could feel a sense of awe. I felt in awe throughout this whole experience. I then found myself sort of floating in what felt and looked like darkness, but not scary darkness more like space darkness. I became aware of a shape, but it was on a mammoth scale. There is nothing that I can even compare it to. It felt like God, OM, greatness. I was then in the middle of what seemed like what would be comparable to the bloodstream. I was moving very fast and saw lots of red around me. This shifted from the bloodstream to the galaxies, other planets, humans, animals, trees, everything. I felt like I was being shown that everything is connected and on an even larger scale, we make (everything) actually makes up God/OM. We are the heart, everything is about the heart. In the 4th mediation I had a similar, but different experience. I dropped down into my heart again, but I stayed there for a bit. I had the sensation that I was laying on my left side. I could hear a muffled heart beat. Not a perfect beat and it sounded as if it may even be skipping beats, but so comforting. I became aware of the feeling of warm fluid all around me and inside my nose, lungs, mouth. I could see my right hand, but it was very tiny and very pink. It was mostly dark, but a little bit of white light was around the edges of this space. I felt as if this was me and I was in my mothers womb. I remember feeling the most comforted I ever have. It was so comforting, but also very confining, but not in a bad way. From there, I felt like I was in a white light spiral. The spiral shot the purest white light through my heart and out of the crown of my head-simultaneously. My consciousness catapulted out of my chest, but also through my head. Up, straight up and fast, but completely enveloped with white light and love. I felt like there were beings that were moving with me, supporting me, but they had no physical characteristics. They were pure light.    ",,American,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Yoga st,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1042,OBE,1373,39,,F,"I copy here the experience exactly as I typed it then. This records my third experience. The first one occurred in February of 1984 and then August, 1984. The third one in January of 1985, as written.  Jan.26, 1985--it has happened again (On what I experienced in early morning, only half awake). There was a rushing sound, a roaring in my ears. I am half awake now, with consciousness of my surroundings, and also have the feeling I am about to plunge off a cliff, a falling sensation. I feel, just briefly, a sense of immovability--the way in a dream one tries to move and cant, and also a sense of fear arises at this. Then the images begin, the feeling one of plunging deep into a vortex, but everything is vividly clear, in color. The images are against a black background, and they are perfect crystalline forms, changing constantly, that make me think of snowflake forms at times, then of those theoretical models of chemical components or DNA, and then of pure rock crystal forms. The speed of the images is way beyond me, their transformations occurring without cessation. Nothing exists but this silent world I seem to have entered, as the forms recede and accelerate alternately in the darkness. Then they stop--disappear, and what I see at a vast distance in total blackness, as if I were looking through a telescope backwards, only infinitely smaller than that, is a tiny circle of light. I see it as if I am looking into a cauldron of light, barely glimpsed at such a distance, but it shifts and flickers on the edges. Only a tiny part of it is revealed to me, but the light is so clear it is like the interior of a diamond--a dazzling light, that oddly conveys a sense, for which I cannot account, that it has a knowledge of some sort--as if the light was source. Then a tingling feeling occurs and the image ends--it all goes away, and I sense my regular surroundings again. I try to go to sleep. The first time this happened, last February 84, I was scared silly.  The images occurred after I experienced the same roaring sound, but at that time (also an early hour, between 2 and 5 a.m.) there was also a loud cracking sound; in fact, that happened first. The images were, then, not immediately visible. They appeared finally in the center of a deep blackness at a great distance in a curling, churning fire of light, and accelerated toward me until I could see the swirling changing crystal forms. I stayed up an hour afterwards, writing it down. I felt then the same tingling sensation at the onset and end of the event, and the same moment of immovability. The second time (all told, it has happened three times) was last summer, August, 84. And now this one, around 4:30 or 5 a.m. The fear was briefer; I knew more of what to expect, and it was as if I willed myself to hold on. I had been asleep, wake up to the buzzing, electric sensation, and the rest, and then it begins. I let the images come. In the times between the 3 events Ive tried to make it happen, unsuccessfully. Each time has occurred only spontaneously. Each time I feel I have encountered something with great energy or power within it. I feel it will happen again--that there is more to learn. Especially within that light. It frightens me, yet I sense it has meaning, validity. I wonder at its meaning, and seek it out.     ",,U.S. Citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",docto,I taugh,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1043,NDA,1180,53,,F,"I began to feel a spinning sensation and heard a buzzing noise as I was beginning to either leave my body or lose consciousness. I cried out mentally to God God! Im not ready! I felt inadequate to face judgment and aware of so many personal failings. Immediately, absolutely immediately upon having prayed that short prayer, the buzzing and the spinning slowed down and when it stopped I was able to get up. I promptly vomited three or four times due to the nicotine poisoning.     ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Nursing,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1044,OBE,1039,16,,F,"as described above. I was in the room, hovering, saw the room, floated above body for 2 minutes, crying out in prayer for help. was entirely amazed that the lords prayer did not work.  This proved to me that I did not believe love was stronger than fear. I had been taught too much about hell and that even though I was saved I was not truly spiritually whole. I was a mess. And went into a deep depression.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,highsch,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
1045,ME ,1312,17,,M,"I found the mix of the music and the painting realy amazing. Suddenly, I had a flash : all the universe unfold before my eyes, and it seemed as if i understood clearly and deeply all the meaning of life and the purpose of everything. I saw galaxies floating in the whole universe, travelled through lights of incedible intelligence, received answers to a lot of unasked questions, as if i entered a huge multidimensional universe. This epiphany last less than 5 minutes, but i stood hang up for a few month after then. It is still very clear in my mind, and was the start of a quest that is still going on.    ",,?    Q.,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1046,ME ,1494,41,,F,"I was extremely relaxed and focussed on the tree I was drawing. I looked up and viewed the scene beyond my tree very large weeping willow trees in the distance, flowers and plants in front of them. The willow trees were gently blowing in the breeze. I just suddenly experienced this intense awareness/knowledge/feeling that everything in the universe was part of one whole, that everything was connected to everything else, and that everything was just the way it was supposed to be. It is very difficult to put this into words. It wasnt an awareness that dawned on me slowly. It occurred instantly, and in that moment of insight, I understood that everything in the universe was as it should be, and that everything was alright. I felt intense peace and in awe of G-ds majesty. I call this my G-d moment. It only lasted a few moments, seconds. But it left me feeling more peaceful than at any other time in my life.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,littl,"100,000+",docto,Dentist,,divor,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1047,ADC,1448,63,,F,"In an instant, I was wherever Prince was. I recall the vivid brightness that didnt hurt my eyes but was incredible. I was standing on I would have to say green grass, a more brilliant green than any imaginable. Around me were a few bushes and small clumps of flowers, very brilliant colors but they were not what was interesting me. Ahead and slightly left was a white structure, like stucco, astoundingly brilliant white, think it had an A pitched white roof, and was full of open round arch windows....no actual windows just openings. From my vantage point my brown and white Paint horse, Prince, was on the far side of this structure, racing to the right and then left, then right, I felt in an effort to come to me, but he couldnt. I could see him beyond all these arched openings. Then I was jolted to the reality that I had seen him, he was ok, and I was happily upset.     ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1048,PLR,1026,42,,F,"I felt bigger than the Universe. I also had no perception of time. I felt as though I had been under for hours, when in fact the meditation would have only have been around 20 minutes.    ",,Australia,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,avera,very st,"50,000 99",some,Project,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1049,NDE,1262,24,,F,"I remember being in a long dark tunnel with white lights in the distance. The lights werent real lights but just a white glow at the end of this tunnel. A man was talking to me and he was standing on my left. I did not recognize him except to think that he looked like a football coach with a receding hairline and a whistle around his neck. He was heavy set in frame. He was saying to me, you cant stay here, you need to go back. And I was thinking, I dont want to go back, this feels so good! And I remember this feeling of utter euphoria. Better than any drug or high you could dream of! It was completely peaceful and filled with bliss!    ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,none,"100,000+",colle,Assista,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1050,SDE,1004,38,,F,"everything described above. In after thought, even now several years later. I wonder about this. Was I summoned to help him proceed to the next phase?  If so, why was I chosen? I feel honored if that was the case.    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,Web Pro,,single,single,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1051,DEE,1457,23,,F,"I learned on that day, we dont know what is really going on around us. That when we die or close to dying profound things shift.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,I just,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1052,DEE,1261,24,,F,"Earlier in the evening, I was very lonely as my new husband was gone a lot. I had only been married about 6 months, and I was beginning to realize that perhaps I had made a mistake marrying this man...that he wasnt all that in love with me. A few days earlier, I had said a prayer and asked if this was all there was to marriage and asked for help from God even though I want sure if there really was a God.  A few days later, I was asleep next to my husband. And I felt like I was having a dream with this bright light appearing. It was the brightest light I had ever seen...almost a piercing blue white light. I opened my eyes and realized this was not a dream at all! I looked into my closest where the doors were open and out of the left back side of the closest, the light radiated from. I wasnt scared...actually it was quite comforting. I quickly woke my husband up. He couldnt believe what he was seeing either. I kept saying, what is it? Is this real or are we imaging it. We both just sat there for about a minute staring at the light. Again, it was the brightest light I had ever seen but, the light didnt radiate throughout the room but stayed concentrated in the closest. After it disappeared, I just continued to sit up in bed trying to figure out what had just happened. Then, out of the blue, I began speaking in a language that I had never heard. My husband heard me, and thought I was going crazy. I had no idea what was happening. It wasnt scary....just really weird. This continued non stop for about 3 hours until I was completely exhausted and went to sleep at about 6am that am. When I woke up, I was completely perplexed as to what just happened to me. I decided I needed to go talk to someone about this so I went and visited with my priest at the Episcopal church at the time. He tried to explain it but, I was still perplexed as I had never heard of speaking I tongues, nor had I asked to have that given to me. To this day, I can still speak In tongues though I rarely do.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales f,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1053,ADC,1372,15,,F,"I only heard, I did not see anything other than the room I was standing in. I understood that my mother loved me.    ",,US citize,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1054,ME ,1413,62,,F,"In March of 2011, I had a dream. A tall black shadow of a man pointed his long finger at me and said, \xe2\x80\x9cRead the 8th Psalm.\xe2\x80\x9d I questioned him, \xe2\x80\x9cYou mean the 6th Psalm? I know that one.\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cNo\xe2\x80\x9d, he declared emphatically, \xe2\x80\x9cRead the 8th Psalm, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget.\xe2\x80\x9d Then he handed me the head of a woman very delicate, small, eyes closed, black hair, soft skin. He told me to write her name on her cheek with a black felt tip pen. Her cheek was still warm as I carefully wrote the name he gave me, Rita Girofalo.\xe2\x80\x9d   What I learned is in #43    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Jewelry,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
1055,DEE,1253,33,,F,"As I was praying, I felt a hand on my shoulder and heard a man say, Everythings going to be OK and simultaneously, my body was flooded with an incredibly warm sense of peace. It was like a big beam of sunshine blasted all the way to my inner core and the sunshine delivered peace. Its hard to explain but at the moment that the hand touched me and I was told that everything would be fine, I knew that everything really was going to be fine and my mind was INSTANTLY put at peace (and my body felt warm and safe). I opened my eyes to say thank you to the priest. Thats when I saw that THERE WAS NO ONE THERE. The priest was moving down the far end of the altar. There was a sunbeam coming through the stained glass window, but it wasnt some super nova strong enough to give me the warmth that I had felt. Also, I felt the hand on my should up until the second I opened my eyes. And the voice was a VOICE. I HEARD IT WITH MY EARS. It was not inside my head.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",maste,homemak,,separ,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1056,NDE,1556,19,,M,"I didnt observe, hear, or feel anything too much. The ringing sound definitely commonly reported. Not too much, probably only the first layer of heaven, no Eben Alexander.    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",atheist,atheist,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1057,ME ,1077,21,,M,I learned that saying prayers and intoning the sound om would switch on the sensation of non physical energetic radiation.    ,,Uk    Q.,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Buddhist,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Maths t,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1058,DEE,1505,37,,M,"My wife was the one who was taking the pictures and one of them, maybe one of the last ones ( we were returning home because the night was approaching) suddenly shows this incredible light!! Really incredible! We se it right away through the camera screen. My wife right away called me to show it.    ",,Portugues,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,I breed,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1059,ME ,1072,42,,M,"Up ahead on the road at the other stop sign there were 2-3 cars stopped and waiting. There were no cars behind or in front of me. A car on the main road (going right to left by my perspective) stopped to turn down the road heading toward me but did not turn (they were waiting for a car going the other direction that I could not see). I had a powerful feeling that the stopped car was dangerous and to keep away. I will call this car X. I slowed significantly and soon came to a complete stop at least 20 feet from the sign. Still with almost no visibility of the main road in either direction. Within seconds the car waiting at the opposite stop sign (I will call this car Y) slammed on the gas and pulled out into the main road turning left (right by my perspective). The X car that I was afraid of had stopped to wait for an oncoming car but the driver in Y did not see this and thought X had stopped to let it by. The oncoming car Z slammed on its breaks to avoid car Y, swerved and slid on road dirt left from sanding. Car Z would have crashed into me had I been at the stop sign, or they would have hit car X or car Y if they did not swerve my direction.    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,moder,none,"25,000 49",Junio,R&amp;D,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1060,ME ,1488,49,,M,"God told me his son died for my sin--honor him. My sins were forgiven. He told me he created me and would one day reclaim me--trust him. I agonized, but submitted. Immediately I heard angels singing; the air smelled sweet. I looked out the window and I could see the molecular structure of everything that was alive. I was weightless. The most astonishing sensation was a feeling of love I had never had before. I couldnt define it or attach words to it and I really didnt want to because I didnt want to tarnish something so pure by putting it in a box.    ",,us citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1061,DEE,1075,37,,F,"I was very sick and due to fly from Minnesota to California for Neurosurgery in a few days time. I was in so much pain for about a year before being properly diagnosed with a rare spontaneous injury to my spine..not only was my condition rare but my general health was rapidly declining. I am a single mom with two kids who were pretty young and I only got out of bed to care to their needs then they would come to me at my bed. While in bed I wondered what would happen to them if I didnt get better and had questioned my faith as I was continuously praying. I was in bed and the room was silent. I started to pray and paused, meaning to continue I stopped because I felt too sick and had wondered why...then I heard a voice as clear as someone next to me and it made me hold my breath. He said my child, Im right here with you. Have faith I will never leave you. I know your walk is weary but I will not forsake thee. It is for my Glory. Just trust in me. Just trust in me. Im going to show you what you must go through to grow your strength in me, but I will not leave your side, trust me. Many will call me Holy because of your endurance and strength. This is the Word of The Lord.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Executi,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1062,NDA,1178,16,,F,"I saw the stars in the universe flash past me as I was speeding away leaving the earth, to hear a voice telling me It was not my time, I have important things to do. I still wonder if I need to do more to complete the important things somehow.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,avera,"25,000 49",some,High sc,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1063,SDE,1278,62,,F,"I was attending a morning funeral of my Bible Study leader, a very kind man named David C., on Saturday, March 15, 2008 at the Trinity Episcopal Church in New York. The large church was packed, as David was much beloved. He was a top executive at Citibank and many co-workers were there. David was a fairly young man at 50 when he passed suddenly of a massive heart attack while he was working out before work at his local gym. While sitting in the church listening to Davids eulogies, his beloved friend and pastor (forgot his name) got up to speak at the front of the church, with Davids coffin near him. I suddenly looked up and midway between the peoples heads and the high ceiling, I saw something that looked different. It was air. Normally, you do not see air but I saw an oval-shaped, contained body of wavy air about 6-7 feet long, hovering near the front of the church where the people were sitting. The wavy air didnt move from its position. It didnt go up or down or right or left. I didnt hear anything, taste anything or touch anything while looking at this image. I just saw it. I didnt feel anything in particular. I just stared at it, without feeling, which is how I usually react when Im witnessing a miracle or something spiritual from God. At some point I stopped looking at it, probably when the funeral was over. In the next day or two I thought about the contained body of wavy air and then I knew that was Davids spirit or soul watching his own funeral, wanting to be there with his beloved wife, sons, family, friends and co-workers. I sent an email to everyone I knew at the funeral to tell them that Davids soul was present with us at his funeral. I hand wrote a note to Davids widow, Cathy, to tell her that David was with her and their sons at his funeral. No one responded to my mail. What the viewing of the wavy air told me was that the Soul and/or Spirit is real. I saw it with my own eyes. Also, that we humans dont really die, we pass on. Yes, our bodies die but our souls are then released and return back into Eternity with God. I like to tell as many people as I can the comforting news that we dont really die, we pass on. And that the Soul, Spirit is real and returns to God when we pass. Some people express comfort to me when I tell them. Some people just stare at me. I feel my job is to just tell people the good news of what I experience spiritually. Whether they believe me or not is up to them. I dont try to convince them that what Im saying is true. I just tell them for them to do with whatever they like.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1064,ME ,1550,62,,F,    ,,Canadian,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,yoga te,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1065,ME ,1057,5,,M,"I cannot describe the feeling. I put it in the same category as sexual feelings before I knew what they were. It was a formless inner tingling, and a sudden expansion of affect.      ",,natural c,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,embryo,,single,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1066,ME ,1413,62,,F,"In March of 2011, I had a dream. A tall black shadow of a man pointed his long finger at me and said, \xe2\x80\x9cRead the 8th Psalm.\xe2\x80\x9d I questioned him, \xe2\x80\x9cYou mean the 6th Psalm? I know that one.\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cNo\xe2\x80\x9d, he declared emphatically, \xe2\x80\x9cRead the 8th Psalm, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget.\xe2\x80\x9d Then he handed me the head of a woman very delicate, small, eyes closed, black hair, soft skin. He told me to write her name on her cheek with a black felt tip pen. Her cheek was still warm as I carefully wrote the name he gave me, Rita Girofalo.\xe2\x80\x9d   What I learned is in #43    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Jewelry,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
1067,ME ,1061,42,,F,"The air seemed thicker like I was part of the presence all around me. I heard the Om. I felt peace. My heart felt like it had absolutely exploded in a good way. I understood the images of Jesus Christ and his heart on fire or raw in a whole new way after that, for that is what I felt. After that first bout of hilarity, I cried on and off for 3 days to realize the depths of the delusion humankind lives in here. And yet I was never unaware of the profound PEACE and LOVE underlying all of creation. How we split the world into parts and names with our minds...when the underlying truth is Love. I understood the difference between Spiritual Reality and the reality we think is real with our minds. I understood transcending the personality. I understood the conditions requisites, if you will to transcending the personality. About 2 years later, this experience gave me the perspective to understand a pattern in my creative works, written decades before, that gave me an insight into the pattern of evolving consciousness, and how that pattern is played out in the advent of the world religions--a model which basically unifies the impulses of all the world religions, each on their own terms (not abstractly) shows that all of humankind is basically on a united, spiritual journey. This experience was the beginning of my understanding, I believe, why I was put on this earth--what my lifes purpose is (to bring this message to earth).    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1068,ME ,1265,66,,M,"Ive described most of the experience above. But additionally, I felt that for a moment in time the world as I knew it, simply stopped. It seemed both immediate and eternal, at the same time. I didnt pay much attention to the potential consequences, at the time of the accident. It wasnt until I meditated on the experience that I felt the full potential of what had happened and what could have happened. I could have been killed. At the time, it was just a minor accident. But, it wasnt, really. I am very thankful to be able to tell this story. As I recount it, part of me takes the results for granted-(foolish human). It was Divine intervention, I have no doubt. I learned, again, not to take God and Guru for granted. I owe my life to the Divine in more ways than I can conceive. I am grateful, Graceful.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Marriag,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1069,DEE,1490,48,,F,"Then, I saw a door that opened very slightly. Through that gap of the door I saw the light, such bright wonderful light behind the door. The light spoke to me but did not use words. I wrapped me up in a feeling of love and acceptance. It told me without words that I should not fear, not be afraid, that I was loved and accepted and forgiven. I so much wanted to see more of that light, to see more, but the light told me without words that if the gap would just open more, it would be too much for a human being. It made me understand that we humans cannot grasp the full meaning of the light, not in our human condition, but that we would become ONE with the light when our time comes and there would be joy and love. So now know. I try to share that knowledge of love and joy and the fact that there is nothing to fear. But I cannot find the right words to transmit this immense feeling.    ",,German,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,avera,littl,"0 24,999",maste,High sc,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1070,DEE,1510,15,,M,"I will try not to repeat myself (from above). I was shocked at first and I felt fear engulf and paralyze my body. Eventually, I composed myself (because the lighted Christ entity was not going away) and I decided I was not going to be fearful, so I looked up again and just experienced the vision in front of me for several minutes. I looked around into the night darkness, and saw two sources of light in front of me the campfire and the lighted Christ entity to the left of the fire ring. The camp fire seating was organized in a semi-circle (around the fire pit). I was seated in the middle on the first row between two female friends. I eventually asked one of them if they saw anything. She said no.     ",,Resident,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,None. I,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1071,ME ,1083,23,,M,What I saw was factual pictures of the people I resented. It let me know that I did not know how to live. It broke thru the denial that I was fine. It opened my up to ask for help.    ,,U.S. Citi,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Enliste,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1072,ADC,1483,52,,M,"It lasted an instant. I sat up expecting to see my mother walking toward me from the kitchen, then fully woke and remembered that she was in the hospital. I brushed off the incident and went back to sleep.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,dail,week,undec,littl,"100,000+",docto,attorne,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1073,ADC,1514,40,,F,"I was sleeping with my 9 year old son, Connor. My brother, Tripp, came to wake me up to tell me that my step-mother had called to tell him my father had passed away. I believe the time was 2:36 a.m. or close to that. When Tripp whispered to my from the hallway, I immediately jolted awake. I knew why he was waking me. He told me that he was going to my dads house, but that I should not go. I went downstairs to tell my husband that my dad had passed. Looking back, I was very calm. I was not crying or upset. My dad and I had an extremely close relationship. I was wide awake, so it was not that I wasnt fully understanding, I just wasnt upset for some reason. I went back upstairs and quietly got back in bed so as not to wake up my son. As soon as I lay back down, I fell back to sleep with no problem at all. (Another thing that seems strange given the situation.) It seems as soon as I feel asleep, I wasnt really sleep anymore, but sitting on my couch at my own home in Savannah. I looked up from my couch down the hall to my front door. Our front door has glass panes in it. Through the panes, I could see my dad standing there. He looked young like he did when I was a little girl. He had on seersucker pants, a starched white shirt and a bright yellow tie. I couldnt believe what I was seeing. I slowly walked to the door. Time seemed to go very slowly. He was patiently waiting and just smiling at me through the glass, his eyes never leaving mine. As I made my way to the door, I knew that he shouldnt be there. I also wondered how I got from the bed at my brothers house to my house in Savannah. I knew that he was gone and should not be here on earth. As I opened the door, he smiled, and said, Hey there, Sweet Girl...I promised you I would come back to see you in Savannah. I just stood there for what seemed like a long time and then slowly walked to him and started to hug him, but then I remembered the pain it caused when I hugged him because of the tumors in his abdomen. But he sensed my hesitation, and said, It is OK Sweet Girl. You cant hurt me anymore. There is no more pain. Then he walked through the front door, into my foyer and straight up my staircase where he just kind of vanished...I stood and watched him walk away, then I just immediately woke up, and I was wide awake, and the dream was as real and vivid as if I had just been standing at my front door. I was not groggy at all or scared or sad. I was so happy and comforted that he had come to me. I could still feel our hug. I looked at the clock and less than 40 minutes had passed since my brother had come in to tell me that my dad had passed away. I lay there for over an hour replaying the dream. Then as I was falling asleep, I begged and begged him to come back.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,avera,avera,"50,000 99",maste,Realtor,,marri,marri,Unc,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1074,ADC,1334,20,,F,"I went into my patients room to set her up to eat the noon time meal. She was quiet, awake but not quite there, still breathing. While I was turning her from one side to the next, she died when I moved to the other side of the bed I saw her spirit or ghost hovering at her bedside, the spirit looked down at her own body, looked at me, looked down at her body and then turned away and vanished.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Young m,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1075,OBE,1286,17,,M,"Regained awareness as two classmates were supporting me on their shoulders across the road that separated the school from the hospital. I was floating about 10 metres above my body, looking down at my friends and my body My pride hurt at being carried, I insisted I could walk perfectly well on my own and crossed the road on my own, before losing consciousness again I could see the roof tiles of the hospital from the angle that you would expect when at the same height as the roof, and the tops of my friends heads. The experience was ecstatic and there was a feeling of there being nothing to worry about and that I was loved unconditionally    ",,British,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",some,Student,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1076,DEE,1404,21,,M,". I \xe2\x80\x9cImagined\xe2\x80\x9d in my head fields of daisies and the beach. I felt many sexual sensations that were very real and believed a woman was making love to me. I heard too many voices to say specifics. I felt terrified, weak physically, burning foul hot energy consuming me, energy that was directed towards me because I was weak, taken advantage of energetically. I felt beauty and true love. I realized how strong I was. Going through Hell like a brave soldier, taking the assault and spiritual violence \xe2\x80\x9crape\xe2\x80\x9d and enduring it as a cross to bare. Knowing only that I was good and I was in a realm of evil. Yet guided by my true love. Many hallucinations-auditory, tactile, olfactory, gustatory. Looking back I realize that I was lost in a world I didn\xe2\x80\x99t belong, that the higher powers had reached me and I was beginning the process of \xe2\x80\x98Waking Up\xe2\x80\x99. And that I was always a being of pure innocence and goodness. And that the evil world, or reality that I had been living in was torturing and giving me Hell because the last thing it wanted was for me to wake up.    ",,"British,",1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,unemplo,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1077,ADC,1547,31,,M,All described in detail above in #43.    ,,Canadian,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",colle,Jazz pi,,marri,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1078,DEE,1163,58,,M,"I found myself floating in a dark void. I was not firghtened at all. It was very peaceful, but non the less very real. The longer I was there, I slowly became aware that there was something, someone, else very far away. I sensed that it was on my right. Ever so slowly, I sensed that I was getting closer and closer to it. I was not afraid. Then, at some point, I looked over to my right side, and remember saying very casually, OH...its you Just like I had known it forever, but hadnt seen it for awhile. I remember quite well, that I either speeded up my forward and sideways movement, or The Presence slowed down to the point when we merged togather and I was completely filled with the most Profound Living Love and Profound Living Peace. I realized immediately that I was being loved like I had never known possible. It was Total and Complete and Profoundly Pure! There were quite a few Profoundly Loving Souls there with and through me all at the same time. The experience was far more real than anything I could have ever imagined. I never wanted it to end.      ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Employm,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1079,NDE,1398,32,,F,"I remember a feeling of being sucked out of my body, sort of like separating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich with all the stickiness and resistance. After I was completely separated I was observing from above as they were performing CPR and attaining IV access. The doctor put my body in Trudelenburg position. At this point, my attention is drawn away by a feeling that someone was calling me. My attention became focused on this sparkling light, I want to call it a warm glowing light but it is hard to describe because the physical sensation of warmth was not really present. As soon as I acknowledged this light, I was just in it. There were these rainbow orbs that spoke to me and there were people there in what I was communicated to be a sort of holding room. I didnt see anything other than people and orbs in this room that went on for what seemed like an eternity without walls or ceiling. Soon after, I remember laughing but not laughing like in a physical sense, but, in any case, laughing with the people in the room. It was like I ran into old friends and we just picked right back where we left off type of feeling. I dont really have a sense of time of how long I was there but I was guided to another location and there was a woman there who said that I was going to be experiencing what I termed a rewrite. This is so hard to put into words but she communicated to me that a different course was available to me if I so chose to follow it. I felt like everything was more real than anything I had ever experienced, so alive, so intelligent, so revealed. The woman was near a mountain, at the base of it in a vivacious green meadow. We sat for a while but I cannot put into words the things I learned, I dont even remember what I had learned until I come across events in my life that trigger the knowledge that was given to me. I know it sounds strange but it makes sense to me. I was given a choice. You can stay or you can go back. I remember asking questions, like, go back where? And as soon as I asked that question, I knew where. I dont think the complete question even came forth before the answer was already being revealed. This is when I could hear conversations going on. I could hear the people in my ICU room. Complete conversations. I became saddened and wanted to see but I was informed that I had to choose first. I heard my son crying, begging me to open my eyes. My attention went to the woman, her eyes were crystal clear pale blue eyes and she had long dark hair, dressed in a sort of plain creamy colored garb. She never spoke sound words, it was telepathic thoughts. She revealed different life traumas I had experienced up to that point; I was wondering why only the traumas and not the good times, and just as I had that thought the answer was that it serves a purpose and that purpose comes to me at different times since my near death. I also heard my mothers prayers and the prayers of others pleading for my health and wellness. I recall leaving the woman in the field and I just seemed to float away...into space...and it felt as if though I had rushed millions maybe even billions of miles away in seconds. I seen these other worlds and other peoples only to be drawn back in a flash to the holding room. It was time for me to decide and it seemed urgent; will I accept the rewrite or stay where I was; there was no right or wrong choice. Only my choice. I longed for my children, knowing that things would be very different in a bad way if I chose to stay. I was communicated that my road to recovery would be hard at first, but would get easier as time went by. It was hard for me to conceive how this time would be if I returned. I felt drawn back and chose to go back all the while knowing it was going to be difficult. As soon as I made the choice, the people in the holding room became ecstatic and exuberant and I thought this was the strangest occurrence of the whole ordeal. I all of a sudden felt the most unbearable discomfort, my body. I tried to open my eyes and couldnt, I felt the loudness of my heart beating at an unthinkable speed, I immediately came back out of my body and hovered over it for a moment before entering again. The next thing I remember is the nurses and doctor in the ICU room asking me to stay calm because I was connected to a ventilator. My hands were secured to restraints. I couldnt focus my eyes when I first came back, I had been in a coma for 9 days. I had apparently became septic after surgery and went into septic shock. On entering the ICU on July 1, 2002, I slipped into a coma, they intubated me, and there I lay dying until July 9th, my daughters birthday. A few hours had passed and I kept seeing people that the nurses said were not there and experiencing odd things like seeing fish swimming in the air. I know what I had experienced was real and som",,Citizen,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Custome,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1080,OBE,1477,53,,M,"Lets take a trip......this is not any trip, this is my trip and it happened the night or second night home from the hospital. I began traveling through a darkness. It is BLACK! no stars, no planets, no lights, NOTHING! Void. A black hole I dont know what else to call it. Except in a very, very, very far distance is a very small gold and I mean GOLD light flickering like a candle or generator running off cycle or something. I began to get closer and closer. The GOLD light grew larger and larger and closer and closer. As I got close enough I could tell what looked like a snow globe or very lucent clear crystal ball and this GOLD light was inside this globe. As I got closer I could tell inside this globe were what looked like stars. Sort of looking into the sky from earth. But inside this globe these stars were very bright or a crystal or bright white. It is nothing I have ever seen before or can compare to it. There were no bright and dim stars, they were all the same. In this middle was this Golf glowing light. I did not go inside this and was kept at a distance hanging out in this blackness. On the way all I could feel is a state of AWE! no words, just a beyond any middle boggling experience anyone could have imagined. On this travel it was like your mind is wondering out there and focused on this GOLD light thinking what is going on?. Getting closer to this globe I noticed I began getting messages or bits of information or something that seem to be sending these messages to me. These messages begin telling me some things I need to work on. Which I did not understand at all. I am beginning to get a better understanding each day since. There were many messages or I guess even judgements that I received in which stated I did or just point out or something (still processing) but three Primary things I need to do before I am to enter or go to or inside this globe. There is way too much for me to put onto here. All I know is I was told to do this. One of my things is that I am to teach, speak, talk about Forgiveness. As this is one of my things I have to do and that is because this is the best way to learn it. This is all for now as I need to go rest. (try to sleep). I really cannot put into words what happened but it was very real to me. I was not on any drugs these nights and am not now either. I cant stand the pain drugs, although I know many wanting them. This was one week out of surgery when this travel happened. I had two profound experiences in the hospital which I am finding out stuff now and it is no words to describe.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Junio,Large d,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1081,DEE,1370,28,,F,"I left the interview in a state of prayer. I wanted so badly to work in this hospital Whenever I do enter hospitals I am always aware of other Helper Beings are present. I was standing in the middle of the hallway, started to walk away, turned around and saw Jesus. I knew he wanted me to see him, to let me know he was there, had always been there even though times had been hard. he poured out an amazing indescribably love energy, but I also saw sadness in his face and some sorrow for those who suffer. He was carrying my pain.    ",,Canadian,"251,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,high sc,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1082,ME ,1043,33,,F,I felt absolute love peace. a healing. It happened spontaneously. I longed after this to have more of it and have it happen more frequently.    ,,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1083,ADC,1091,44,,F,"I saw my son, see above.     ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",Some,Insuran,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1084,DEE,1399,51,,M,"I could hear people speaking who were around me, was well aware of my surroundings--I did not expect this visitation to happen. I had said a little prayer (just in case) asking for forgiveness for those I had directly or indirectly hurt, and waited to die--so I thought. I wondered what it would feel like; i.e., would the lights just go out, would it be painful, or what. I could not tell the sex of my visitor, it appeared to clothed in a lovely robe-like material, was very human in appearance, had a lovely smile, appeared gentle and loving and I could see through it. What surprised me most is that it spoke to me without words. The thoughts just jumped into my mind. It knew what I wanted to know just as I had the thought develop in my mind, and I remarked, \xe2\x80\x9cHow did you do that?\xe2\x80\x9d Looking back on the experience, that thought makes me smile every time I think about it--it really happened that way. The message was that of love, that it did not matter whether I lived or died--I would be cared for. Finally, the overriding message was, LOVE WAS ALL THAT MATTERED and I did not need to worry. The visitor stayed with me for some time (several minutes) and when I turned to look away, out the cabin window, I could see the lights of a city below. When I turned back, my visitor was gone. In a way, this proved how real the visitation was. It was NO dream. After the plane landed, I was met by an ambulance and taken to Daniel Freeman Hospital. Thinking that I had a Mexican GI upset I was taken to a ward treating GI problems, a nurse noticed that my blood pressure dropped to nearly zero, I was then rushed to a CC unit and placed under the care of a cardiologist, Dr. Ciralo (sp?). There I was diagnosed with severe cardiac dilatation and heart failure, it wasnt until later that a pheochromocytoma was discovered. I was severely hypertensive and apparently this was the cause of my heart failure. When my hypertensive condition was brought under control, my heart returned to normal. This was all documented by ultrasonography and angiography. The pheochromocytoma was removed from my abdomen 1 month later at Cottage Hospital in Santa Barbara. I think back on the experience and still worry about the unknown, but listening to the audio tape of your book has helped restore my faith in the reality of my experience. Thank you!! My experience is with me nearly every day. My visitor never returned, but I do think we\xe2\x80\x99ll meet again someday.    ",,US citize,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"100,000+",post,Practic,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1085,ME ,1228,42,,F,"It was completely and deeply black. I couldnt see anything in front of me. Then I saw a very faint dot-like light. I was very curious. It started to get closer and closer. I was extremely surprised,found it funny, that what was getting closer was a neon angel. I dont mean an angel with beautiful wings or anything but a very cheap-looking angel made up of one continuous long neon tube sort of like what hangs in some stores saying OPEN. It stopped in front of me and I was sort of laughing to myself because it looked kind of silly floating out there in front of me. Then the bottom opened up and whoosh knowledge started coming into me. Not just into my head into my entire body. I knew everything. I felt that my body would not be able to contain all of this knowledge and that I would explode. I became very frightened because I thought that I was dying. I said to myself no. Within a fraction of a second it stopped and the knowledge was taken back just as it had been delivered: with a whoosh. I woke up very shaken and afraid.    ",,United St,"100,00",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Secreta,,single,single,No,very little,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1086,ADC,1013,32,,F,"From this experience, I learned that death is not something to fear, that we might even be released from our earthly difficulties to enter into a place of bliss. I learned that I was deeply loved by my grandmother even if on the earthly realm she was unable to express this.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Massage,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1087,DEE,1436,43,,F,Please see question #43. I think Ive said it all there.    ,,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some, After,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1088,OBE,1160,32,,F,"Suddenly everything disappeared. It was as though a rent was made in the universe and I saw the other side. But I dont know how to explain what I saw an open clarity, maybe, with no detail present. If there had been a color, it would have been gold, but I dont remember a color. What I experienced was an overwhelming ecstacy. I experienced a feeling, a consciousness that wasnt mine. In fact, I wasnt there. I had no sense of me, just this incredible, ultra real joy. The inability of sensing me scared me so badly I stopped all movement, and instantly I was back on the mat. The event lasted nanoseconds. Maybe just one. But it was so very much more real than anything I had ever experienced. But I experienced the same thing again a few months later. Exactly like the first one Im describing here. Exactly. (Both times as a brown belt in Aikido.) I have no problems appreciating what Dr. Alexander went through. Especially the reality of his experience. I know well that this life we live is a shadow to that.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Radiolo,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1089,DEE,1520,49,,M,"I had recently stopped drinking alcohol after 29 years of habitual and heavy drinking. My partner at the time was engaged in guided meditation and spiritual connection and growth. She convinced me to look to meditation and I discovered that I could use the pendulum quite successfully. I began to work very hard at the spiritual connection that I was forming. After a period of time i was able to hear messages and feel spiritual presence.I was shown the different spheres and told of the existence of other worlds and other dimensions. I had come to a point in my life where change was necessary. God had played a major part in my life until age 13....I felt divorced from him at age 49 and quite spiritually, emotionally and physically lost. In these early days of my transformation i was meditating and the room was flooded with a beautiful golden light. I felt myself being lifted from the chair....tears streamed down my face and the overwhelming message was to love God. From this point I began to understand that love was the key to change albeit with a great deal of hard personal work.    ",,I am an A,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Student,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1090,ME ,1164,13,,F,"I, once again, knew I was part of something much larger than myself and the people and circumstances below. It filled me in some way that allowed me to feel comforted rather than continuing to feel so alone. And then it was over.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Outside,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1091,OBE,1160,32,,F,"Suddenly everything disappeared. It was as though a rent was made in the universe and I saw the other side. But I dont know how to explain what I saw an open clarity, maybe, with no detail present. If there had been a color, it would have been gold, but I dont remember a color. What I experienced was an overwhelming ecstacy. I experienced a feeling, a consciousness that wasnt mine. In fact, I wasnt there. I had no sense of me, just this incredible, ultra real joy. The inability of sensing me scared me so badly I stopped all movement, and instantly I was back on the mat. The event lasted nanoseconds. Maybe just one. But it was so very much more real than anything I had ever experienced. But I experienced the same thing again a few months later. Exactly like the first one Im describing here. Exactly. (Both times as a brown belt in Aikido.) I have no problems appreciating what Dr. Alexander went through. Especially the reality of his experience. I know well that this life we live is a shadow to that.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Radiolo,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1092,ME ,1036,17,,M,"I was one with the loving fabric of the universe and all that existed within it. I was also a bit psychic. Not in the sense that I could perceive the thoughts of others, but I could definitely sense the emotions and being and character of others. It was absolutely blissful.    ",,USA    Q.,"251,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,High sc,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1093,ME ,1427,61,,F,I felt at peace and thought that it was nice that Jesus was with me. I never thought that I wouldnt be ok.    ,,us    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,teacher,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1094,DEE,1158,9,,M,"As the night passed I would fall into and out of sleep, waking when I became cold with chills or hot from the fever. At one point during the night I had awoken again from the fever and at that time I became more aware that my illness was worse, much worse than my parents had originally thought. I definitely dont believe my parents were aware of just how ill I was because had they know they would have taken me to a doctor. At this point when I awoke from the fever I was delirious again and wanted to get up and wake my parents to tell them how sick I was but I didnt have the strength to get up or yell for them. I was very distressed by this time as I just intuitively knew I was very ill and I needed help, but was helpless as I could not speak let alone get up to tell my parents. Just as I thought my fever couldnt get any worse and as I laid helpless in my bed a white-golden light started to appear to my left and I turned my eyes to see this white-golden light begin to form against the wall. This white-golden light began to take shape until it became three separate beings, all bathed in the white-golden light they formed from, a white-golden light that seemed to dance all around them. They did not speak, they did not look directly at me, but instead they stood silently with heads bowed. I do remember they were all dressed in what I can only describe as a monks robe, with the hood and large sleeves. As soon as I saw the beings of light I immediately began to feel better, I no longer felt feverish, my aches stopped and my strength was coming back. Prior to that moment I was feeling the worse I had all night and my fever and delirium still had a grip on me, yet the moment I began to see the beings forming my fever dissipated and the delirium went away. Once the beings were fully formed my thinking was completely clear again, no delirium and my fever and aches were gone. The overwhelming feeling of complete serenity, peace and calm came over me, I was not afraid of the beings in the least and instinctively knew they were there for me, then just as suddenly as the golden beings of light had appeared they faded away.    ",,American,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,"None, I",,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1095,DEE,1528,38,,M,"I was leaning in the doorway smoking. listening to music on my I pod. I was in a very sombre mood (feeling sorry for myself) I remember asking for help. There was a line in the song I was listening to about opening my eyes I suddenly began to notice my posture as slouched but I was being drawn up to standing straight, my shoulders were being drawn back and my head back. I just felt a huge power running through me, drawing me up (im quite tall but my head was now pressing against the upper doorframe) I felt strong for the first time in months , like I was being lifted up. my head was being tilted back and upward to the sky. I could see (or more accurately sense) eyes and a smile in the dark rain clouds in front of me. I can remember being aware (it was also in the song I was listening to) that I should open my eyes. All the while this was going on I had this huge energy holding me bolt upright urging me to look at the sky, I can remember feeling so peaceful yet so powerful at the same time. it felt like I was being lifted up. The face in the cloud faded and I literally fell to my knees in thanks (dropping my cigarette) I started to feel fear and this was instantly taken away by what I describe as a divine sense of humor, that told me not to worry about the cigarette getting wet and that it was funny that I had dropped it.(laughing with me not at me) I got up (after some time) and was just full of adrenaline I was shaking but happy.    ",,British N,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Dietiti,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1096,ADC,1394,49,,F,"Terry Dean                         1946-2012 Terry was a well-known and dedicated musician in the Overberg and Hermanus. Terry\xe2\x80\x99s battle with cancer started in 2007-where it was diagnosed in the colon. He was successfully operated on in September that year and recovered, remaining healthy until March 2009, when a tumour was removed from his small intestine. He received chemotherapy at Tygerberg Hospital afterwards and seemed well. He continued to play his gigs-he said the music took his mind away from the pain. His last gig was just after New Year 2012 at the Shuntin\xe2\x80\x99 Shed in Bot River-but he was very weak by then.  The last six months of his life, he was cared for at home-with the help of Hospice. Terry slipped into a coma on Thursday 28th June-I spoke to him and told him it was alright to move on, that his daughters T&#232;gan and Tullia, and I, would be fine. I also asked him to send me a sign when he crossed over. He passed away in the early hours of Friday morning. He was smiling. I knew he had left us, and in the early winter morning, I looked out of the window up at the grey sky-completely overcast except for a very defined sliver of blue sky- in the perfect shape of an electric guitar. I was so grateful for that sign. Terry had asked a good friend of his to sell his beloved Fender Telecaster (which he bought in America) to help support his family-as he had been unable to work for months. I was told that the lady who bought it was called Tracy; and she had bought it for her partner, John, whom we had never met, as they live near Johannesburg. The morning of Terry\xe2\x80\x99s passing; I received a call from Tracy, enquiring how Terry was. I told her that he had passed away in the early hours of that morning. She gave me condolences and put John on the phone. This is what he told me: On the night in question, at about 11:45 p.m. my very faithful dog, Sasha, nudged me with her nose and would not stop...until I got out of bed. I was at my farm, not far from Hartebeespoort Dam at the time. Only to find Sasha sitting next to the Fender case... I made a cup of coffee, called my dog to the kitchen and she would not budge. I know that it sounds weird, but, I had to play the telecaster... my dog left the room as soon as I plugged the guitar into the amp... played a few bars of John Lee Hooker and went to bed. As you know I phoned you the next morning to offer my condolences... how I knew that?... your Terry was with me, of that I am sure... I feel that he has been back, too often I find myself compelled to play the tele. Bear in mind, I have seven other guitars, all very good... but the tele keeps calling...??? The guitar is well and safe... I play the smoke out of it and love the mood it leaves me with... I am sure you understand what I mean by that. In any case, I have no opinion on the life here after, but, Terry Dean was with me and wanted to hear me play, to see if I was up to scratch, I think?  When John woke up the following morning he said to Tracy, \xe2\x80\x9cTerry\xe2\x80\x99s gone.\xe2\x80\x9d    ",,South Afr,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,avera,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Self-em,,marri,widow,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1097,ME ,1387,36,,F,"I was always pulled out of my drunken stupor of the emotional type when I saw the TV screen doing that. It shocked me, I didnt understand what was wrong with the TV. I was never on drugs or alcohol I dont experiment with that stuff. The TV would only go back to regular viewing status if we turned it off and back on again. G did not care one iota about what happened with that TV. But I have always wondered what it was because I have never heard anyone ever talk about it happening to them. Yet it happened to me under these very specific conditions around 6 or 7, maybe 8 times.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Mail/Co,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1098,NDE,1556,19,,M,"I didnt observe, hear, or feel anything too much. The ringing sound definitely commonly reported. Not too much, probably only the first layer of heaven, no Eben Alexander.    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",atheist,atheist,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1099,OBE,1480,51,,M,observed a radiating light with darkness surrounding it-Could not describe in words the ultra reality and love from the entity/soul-If I had to stay in that place forever Iwould not have minded it was all I could ever want in terms of the feeling of love etc. I felt it coming from that being it was so real it was as though the feeling was solid? more real than any feeling in the physical world.    ,,Australia,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",colle,Aquariu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1100,OBE,1056,26,,F,"I had gone to bed and was dreaming that I was walking toward one of the classsrooms at the school I was attending. The classroom looked a little different, in that it had windows on three sides. There were students sitting quietly in the classroom, and the light was out. I could see the students sitting in the dark, and I wondered why they were sitting there in the dark when I could see a light coming from under one of the doors. I remember thinking that it was ok if they wanted to sit in the dark but that I wanted to go toward the light. As I opened the door I was surrounded by the brightest light I have every seen, so bright that it would normally cause one to close their eyes. It was the most warm, most loving, most peaceful experience- words cannot describe it. At the same time I realized I could see all around me, that I was not a body standing in the light but I was one with the light. I had no face, no eyes, no body. I dont know how long I was there. It was so beautiful, so peaceful, so loving and yet it wasnt separate from me, I was a part of it. Suddenly I woke up. I tried to go back to sleep to continue it but I couldnt. I was so disappointed that I couldnt get back.     ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,religious,religious,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1101,DEE,1283,5,,F,"I was sitting in the bed and from the ceiling where the tile was missing came floating a figure. I immediately knew he was the man in the book at the doctor;s office (the blue bible story books with pictures). I felt instantly connected, fully accepted and total freedom of self. I loved him. As soon as he appeared he was looking at me in a very deliberate but loving way. He floated down to the foot of my bed. He was wearing a tunic that covered his feet. He had a sleeveless tunic over the top of a darker color. He had brown shoulder length hair. He looked just like the picture in the book where the little children were sitting in his lap and he was calling the other. In my room he also had a staff. He paused at the foot of my bed and looked directly at me. I felt with everything inside like nwords its going to be ok. His face was looking at me with the expression of one talking with very important but empathetic words, but he never really actually spoke words nor did his mouth move.When He moved, he did not really walk but moved at ta pace similar to a slow deliberate walk. He was semi-tranparant not really clear but I could alsmost see through him. I could see his features but not the color and detail as if he was an opaque human. I I was estatic that he was there. I felt totally loved, accepted and strangely connected to this man. Nothing in the whole worlds mattered but him at this moment. I did not stop to ponder his words but was happy. I wanted to dance with him. As he paused, I scrambled to get out of the bed. As I grabbed my slippers he headed for the door. I exclaimed, Wait I want to go with you. But he went through the door at that instant. I ran to the door and opened it, but he was gone.    ",,US Reside,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,1st gra,,single,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1102,ME ,1459,21,,M,"I pretty much did above. What I learned was that true Love is expressed as a gift from God. I have had many even more intense experiences since than. Some lasting for over a week, with angels, and engtering a mystical yet very natural at home realm. Being more real than reality!    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,dail,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,College,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1103,DEE,1420,15,,M,"On the third day in the hospital, the day I had planned to end my life, I spent the only night of my treatment without a roommate. In hindsight, however, I know that I was not alone that evening. During a period of intense reflection, I decided to open the Bible that was provided in each room. I casually flipped through the pages and eventually turned to the back cover where someone had scribbled a few of their favorite verses, one of which was Ecclesiastes 7:17. I immediately located chapter 7 / verse 17 in the very top right corner of the page, next to the page number of 717, where the number 717 was scratched in pen directly above the page number. I was strangely comforted and terrified simultaneously as I read the words, \xe2\x80\x9cBe not over much wicked; neither be thou foolish. Why shouldest thou die before thy time.\xe2\x80\x9d The rest of the chapter proceeds to advise the reader against submitting to the extremes of both righteousness and wickness, foolishness and wisdom, and purity and profane. Ill always have a physical monument of this miraculous affirmation of Gods love for me because, like the heathen I am, I took advantage of my lone solitary evening in the hospitial to secretly remove the passage which I carry on my person to this day.  Though I did not realize it until ten years after the fact, this was a covenent with God that was initiated before I ever even entered the hospital. Shortly before I plotted my suicide and entered the hospital, I had carved a cross into my chest and filled it with black ink as I selfishly pleaded with God to end my girlfriends unintended pregnancy. At the age of fifteen, my shortsighted naivity deluded my judgment into thinking this child would mark the end of my existence. Shortly thereafter, my girlfriend miscarried an innocent life whose destiny was not its own. I had desperately pleaded with God to change the course of my life and received more than I bargained for when, to my surprise, our covenent was sealed during that third evening in that hospital. The undoubted reason that God used the trifect appearance of 717 to get my attention is because 717 indicates the month and day of my birth on July 17, 1987. It was through this miracle that God sealed our first covenant with the symbol of 717. Little did I know, this was only the beginning of a wealth of revelations that have continued to unfold through the present day.    ",,United St,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I was 1,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1104,DEE,1350,14,,M,"As I looked I saw 3 beings in hooded robes similar to those worn by Jedi knights or monks. I saw no faces on these beings, and they stood there looking at me and I at them. They walked by me and through the wall leaving down the street. Nothing was said, but at 14 years old I knew I did not want the incredible sense of peace to leave me. I chased after these beings down the street in my underwear. They moved simultaneously as one. They just seemed to have disappeared.    ",,US Citize,"100,00",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,dail,dail,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,None,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1105,DEE,1177,43,,F,"After hanging up the phone with my younger sister, I said out loud that as a family we could not endure another experience with cancer. My father had died of a glioblastoma at age 54 in 1978. I prayed with concern over my sisters initial test results and began to cry uncontrollably. Very suddenly, I began to feel an exceptionally warm energy burning beneath my stomach but above my abdomen. This warm energy began slowly traveling up through the center of my body. By the time it entered my head, I had received knowledge that my sisters test results would turn out to show a benign condition. I cant describe how I knew this, but I was 100% certain that that would be the outcome and I had received this knowledge from some knowing entity. At the same time this was happening to me, my cat in the hallway started showing very peculiar behavior. He was standing on 3 legs with one of his front legs in the air a position Ive never seen a cat take. In addition, he seemed to be in a trance. When I called his name, he could not hear me. His head was moving slowly from side to side, left to right, like he was transfixed by some image. I looked in the direction of his gaze and saw nothing but darkness. He stayed in this position with these movements for several minutes in a trance-like state. After this was all over for him and me, I phoned my sister back and told her of my experience and told her she had absolutely nothing to worry about concerning the tests she was to take the next day and that I was phoning her now so the next day when she had the tests she would have proof of the truthfulness of my experience.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,assista,,divor,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1106,DEE,1357,40,,M,"I was lying on my back with my hands folded across my chest praying to God. This was a regular practice for me prior to going to sleep. I was extremely upset and angry with my wife-cannot recall why. My eyes were closed and in my minds eye I saw the face of a bearded man appear and a white light flash over my body. It happened extremely quickly. The most absolutely miraculous thing happen to my body, my conscious self when the light washed over me-immediately I felt peace beyond peace words cannot describe how calm, peaceful, serene I felt. There was not an atom in my body or molecule that was not calm and serene. Again, words can not in any way describe how I felt. I rolled over and told my wife the most remarkable thing is just happened to me I explained how angry and upset I was I described to her the experience of what had just happened.    ",,American,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Financi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1107,NDE,1215,20,,F,"Instantly the pain stopped and I found myself in the most beautiful place, no shape, no form, every thing was rose colored and the music that I heard was indescribably beautiful. I felt no pain only the deepest of peace, no other forms or persons, just the color pink totally surrounding me and holding me. But I coudnt stay there and the next thing I knew I was back in the delivery room and the first thing I heard was my sons healthy cry.  I learned that God had a special purpose for my life or He never would have brought me back into this painfilled world. But I now had 2 little children who needed me to be their mother and I have been that for the past 52 years amongst a whole lot of other roles.    ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Housewi,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1108,DEE,1318,44,,F,I have a website that tells my entire story at http://www.starfish-story.com/    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Junio,Compute,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1109,ADC,1012,72,,F,see above    ,,citizen o,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High sc,Legal S,,married,widowed,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1110,ADC,1466,36,,F,the above description pretty well sums it all up.    ,,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,I owned,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1111,ME ,1176,54,,F,"I found myself in a tunnel comprised of dark red glass aperture-like structures which were opening up like a cameras aperture to receive me. I forced myself to look to the left to try to ascertain where I was. In between the aperture blades I could see I was in outer space. I saw a black sky all around with stars. When I turned to move forward again I could see in the distance what appeared to be the end of the tunnel. It was made up of a beige inflatable cushion-type structure. I quickly moved forward to reach the end. I was greeted by an elder angelic-like spirit who began asking me questions almost to verify my identity. I answered them, but after a while, I questioned why I needed to answer all these questions. After that, the being stepped to the right and before me I saw a bright blue sky with perfectly shaped green trees, which had leaves rustling by a gentle breeze, though I could not feel the breeze. Beyond the trees, I saw green lush rolling hills that seemed to go on forever. From my left appeared my deceased father, as he would have been at about 35 years old dressed all in white \xe2\x80\x93 a short-sleeved white tee shirt and white cotton-type pants. He had been 54 when he died. He seemed to communicate telepathically to me but I responded using physical speech. He initially asked me how I was. We turned in the direction of the rolling hills again and this time I saw many people all dressed in white silently walking in the right direction. I did not know these people or where they were going. He suggested we sit at a concrete garden table to the left with 2 concrete benches on either side. Beyond the table I noticed a one-story concrete building with no windows or doors that I could see. My father wanted to know how I was and said he was concerned about me. At the time, I was undergoing radiation therapy for breast cancer (DCIS ductal carcinoma in situ, stage 0). I reassured him there was no need for concern as the radiation wasnt bothering me at all and the DCIS was not ever fatal. He told me he was very proud of me. After a time, He asked me to come around the table to where he was sitting so I could give him a hug goodbye. As I did, he asked me to forgive him. The encounter was pleasant up to that point. When he asked me to forgive him, all my memories of how he had been a strict disciplinarian came back to me and I started to feel badly, reliving those feelings I had as a child and teenager. After that, I woke up very quickly.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,vice pr,,divor,divor,Unc,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1112,NDA,1367,41,,F,I know I saw him standing behind my Mom that day and was really dumbfounded when I realized he really wasnt there. It was as if his spirit was trying to tell me something.    ,,American,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Softwar,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1113,ME ,1128,53,,M,I observed that he could be up to ten feet away and the effect was still present. I felt nothing other than his concern about being unable to control his shaking. I heard nothing. What I learned was that over time he was able to have his medication reduced due to his apparent improvement.    ,,Australia,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Other,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Electro,,divor,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
1114,DEE,1193,31,,F,    ,,usa    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,avera,moder,"0 24,999",colle,real es,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1115,ME ,1243,34,,F,see attached document    ,,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,freelan,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1116,ME ,1023,32,,M,"I went into a deep trance and saw a bright light. I heard an electronic hum. I then saw that the light was comming from 3 connected stars. the stars were connected by two tubes that ran from each star to the other two stars. The stars were in an equilateral triangle. I felt immense love, knowledge and perfection and felt that I understood everything. The message I got was that the world is perfect as it is and that is nothing you or I can do to add or subtract from this perfection.    ",,us    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Enginee,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1117,PLR,1429,26,,M,"I felt lots of love, it make me to research on reincarnation stories.    ",,I am a ci,"100,00",religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"25,000 49",some,Ladies,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1118,ADC,1144,57,,M,"Now, I must say that it is not completely uncommon to see deer in our yard although, for whatever reason, I hadnt seen any for a few months. I work from home and have a large window next to my desk that looks out over our back yard. I asked Christine to send deer because I felt it would be solid confirmation if, on the very day I asked to see deer, it actually happened. Unfortunately, on this particular day I was so consumed with work that I dont even remember looking out my window. By the time I realized it was already dark outside, I also realized I never saw any deer. I was terribly disappointed with myself that I hadnt come up for air all day. Did Christine send the deer and I missed the signal to look up and out the window? Or did she not hear my plea? Maybe Im making this all up after all. I have been working on my computer moving very large files around and so before going upstairs for dinner with my wife (Christines mom), I begin a disk compression operation that takes a significant amount of time. I click the start button and go to dinner.  After dinner I came back downstairs to see the progress for my disk compression. Its going very slowly. To pass some time I start poking around on one of the other hard drives to see whats on it. I come across an obscurely named folder I havent seen for a while called My Pictures (GoFlex1TB)\\Canon60D NotSaved. As I click through the various subfolders, I randomly stop at one called 118CANON with several pictures. I cant really tell what they are from the thumbnails so I click on the one named IMG7578.JPG. When the photo opens in full-screen, I about fall out of my chair ... its a photograph that I took from my office window ... of a deer not 10 yards away! ... right outside my office window! ... just like I asked Christine! And not only that but when I look at the date it was taken, I realize I took it (and this completely blew me away) ... I took the photograph exactly one year ago ... to the day!  To ... the ... day!  So I still hadnt seen deer outside my window in months ... at least not by looking out my window! But Christine found a way ... in that mischievous way of hers ... to answer my request. The very next morning, as I am taking a sip of coffee, staring out the window, getting ready to start my day and thinking about the beautiful gift Christine gave to me the night before ... I suddenly see a deer streak from the woods running right-to-left across the yard ... right outside my office window! Wow! ... All I can say is Wow!    ",,U.S. Citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Senior,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1119,DEE,1467,46,,M,"I had a sudden, totally overwhelming feeling of being loved. It was so intense it was unbearable. It came with a message (unspoken) with 3 simultaneously delivered components This is how much you are loved You have always been loved thus, and will always be It doesnt matter what you do, you will always be loved this way.  I think the whole event lasted maybe half a second in real time I immediately burst into tears, and cried for about half an hour, crying I think because I had ever doubted that this was so, and that I had been completely unaware of this love. Rather like a lost child being reunited with a loving parent.    ",,british a,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,moder,none,"0 24,999",maste,enginee,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1120,ADC,1110,42,,M,"Sr. Mary Joan was 96 when she deceased. She had a particular devotion to St. Theresa, The little Flower. When Sister would petition the Little Flower typically the sign of flowers would appear. Sister once told me that when I met my wife, I would receive a sign and I did.  I had bought a new cell phone, Sister was ill but not dying or anything. I had not spoke to her in a couple of months and had been meaning to go to Camilla Hall (IHM nun retirement) for a visit.  One day while checking for a water leak outside on December 13th, I noticed my rosebushes were in bloom. I immediately thought of Sister and what is she up too now. I called and was told she died. I clipped the roses and gave one to each of my family and put the rest in a bag for her niece. I didnt know how many there were so I dropped off the bag. 5 siblings and 5 roses. I know in my heart of hearts the roses were a sign of her giving me a heads up on her passing. We were very close. She died a month before.    ",,USA Citiz,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Softwar,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1121,ADC,1390,45,,F,    ,,US citize,"25,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Account,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1122,DEE,1335,29,,F,"It was a male voice, it must have sounded something like my then fianc&#233; because I thought it was him yelling my name. He yelled my name which alerted me to react which I did and I heard nothing else.    ",,A US citi,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,Outside,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1123,ME ,1057,5,,M,"I cannot describe the feeling. I put it in the same category as sexual feelings before I knew what they were. It was a formless inner tingling, and a sudden expansion of affect.      ",,natural c,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,embryo,,single,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1124,DEE,1356,19,,M,"When this communication and intense physical experience came to me I chose to leave the room where a group of about two hundred people were gathered so I could go through the event alone. It was so foreign to my experience that I had no concept of what might happen next and whatever it might be I preferred to have the experience away from, shall we say, prying eyes.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1125,ADC,1053,38,,F,"I observed a small native man in his 40s, short hair in a dark blue sleeping bag in my kitchen. I heard my uncle Buds voice and began to fly upwards to the ceiling I felt that if I wanted to, I could go with him, but I didnt know where we were going.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,worked,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1126,DEE,1115,39,,M,"To repeat this experience was like being totally filled with love, when I heard god say to me that he has always been here waiting for me it was as if my whole being heard it not my ears but my whole being was enveloped in his presence/love    ",,citizen,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Bartend,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1127,PLR,1199,37,,M,"When I looked at the map, it took me to India. Now, it is important to know that I had NEVER studied anything about India or its culture up to this point, even though I have always cooked with their spices, been attracted to their clothing, and always felt drawn to learning Ayurveda.  On the map of India, it drew me to an area called Gujarat (again, I had never heard of this place, but when I googled it, it was exactly where I was shown on the map). Making things more interesting, one of my spirit guides is named Ajwa, and there are streets and parks in Gujarat named Ajwa.  The next thing I knew, I was mentally whisked to a beautiful area, and to a house where I lived with my mother and father. At first it was nice and peaceful and I felt at home. I was female and in brightly colored clothes that I loved. I remember the area was so green and lush. My mother and father there were my brother and wife in this life. This was the mid 1800s, and the British military were there.  They came in the night and took my mother away to rape and kill her. I remember the panic I felt knowing I would never see her again. What is really interesting is that prior to this event, I was always terrified of my wife getting kidnapped and killed. Since this event, I have no fear because I know it is left over from India. Anyway, the English soldiers came back the next day and burned our village. I was raped and my nipples cut off. I remember being held down in one of the buildings, like a stable, as others looked on. Interestingly, I have a birthmark under one of my nipples, and I have always hated having them touched. I was then killed...    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Chiropr,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1128,ME ,1450,59,,M,    ,,Citizen,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Senior,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1129,OBE,1037,22,,F,No noise no sounds it all happened very fast.    ,,US    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Office,,single,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1130,SDE,1563,44,,M,"I had this very vivid dream about my friend who was lying down in a hospital bed. In real life i had visit him the day prior and was lying unconscious in his hospital bed, under heavy sedation and palliative care. In my dream i was visiting him again but he woke up, and stared directly at me, not a word was exchanged but i had the strong feeling he was saying goodbye. I woke up then.    ",,canadian,2001 2,atheist,agnostic,Christian,Other,,,never,never,undec,none,"0 24,999",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1131,ADC,1536,43,,F,See Above    ,,dutch,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Remedia,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1132,ME ,1137,17,,M,"Observed feelings of bliss. What i learned from this initial experience was that i could re-enter this state at will, particularly when relaxed and laying down. Came to understand that there is more than just the physical body. Still curious as to why this occurs and the full mechanics behind it.    ",,Australia,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",some,Hospita,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1133,DEE,1490,48,,F,"Then, I saw a door that opened very slightly. Through that gap of the door I saw the light, such bright wonderful light behind the door. The light spoke to me but did not use words. I wrapped me up in a feeling of love and acceptance. It told me without words that I should not fear, not be afraid, that I was loved and accepted and forgiven. I so much wanted to see more of that light, to see more, but the light told me without words that if the gap would just open more, it would be too much for a human being. It made me understand that we humans cannot grasp the full meaning of the light, not in our human condition, but that we would become ONE with the light when our time comes and there would be joy and love. So now know. I try to share that knowledge of love and joy and the fact that there is nothing to fear. But I cannot find the right words to transmit this immense feeling.    ",,German,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,avera,littl,"0 24,999",maste,High sc,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1134,DEE,1300,23,,M,"My fathers office was divided into two spaces--a 2nd floor front office where he worked (with large windows overlooking the street below and surrounded by several multi-story apartment buildings), and the back office--a large bright kitchen/lounge area (illuminated by skylights)--connected to the front via a private 20 foot corridor. As soon as I arrived and handed my father the story, I felt that same strange feeling in my heart like I had felt a year earlier--the feeling that compelled me to pray. Not wishing a repeat of what happened a year earlier (see my other DEE entry)--I excused myself, telling my father I would wait in the back lounge while he read. My father wasnt spiritual or religious, and I was embarrassed that I suddenly felt a strange urge to pray. I entered the back lounge, and shut the door. I then got down on my knees and bowed y head to the floor for the first time in my life. And I suddenly started to weep. Like, uncontrollably sob. And words came out of my mouth that werent words from conscious intention. I was baffled to hear myself speaking the words. Why are we so bad? Why are we so bad? You have to understand,I didnt have a bad bone in my body. I was kind, and sensitive, and yet, these words were flowing from my mouth. And I felt such deep deep shame. Moments later, however, I felt a hand press down on the small of my back. I tried to left my head up to see who was there, but like my hands suck together in the previous DEE, this time my whole body was stuck to the floor. Quite literally, I was pinned there and couldnt move. Before I had a chance to be afraid, however, I suddenly felt two firm hands grasp my head, lift it off the floor, and turn it to the right. And there, beside me, was a fully manifested Celestial Being, kneeling on the floor beside me and looking compassionately into my eyes. As I previously wrote, my family wasnt religious, and I had no knowledge of religion at all. However, I immediately knew this Celestial Being was Jesus like I had known him my whole life. He was bearded, and wearing simple robes. (I no longer remember the color of the robes or the color of his eyes--I was too astonished that he was there in the room with me.) His eyes were mesmerizing--I was literally transfixed by his gaze. Where I had been sobbing moments earlier, and feeling deep shame, I suddenly felt the most incredible all-encompassing feeling of unconditional love. I wasnt scared. I was in bliss. And there wasnt anything I needed to ask. I felt as if I knew everything, as if I was everything, as if I was the Love itself. And a message was transmitted to me with this Love. You are loved. You are forgiven. You are respected. You are accepted. You are special and you are important. You are cared for, and everything is perfect. All of this transpired in a matter of seconds, and then Jesus bowed his head to the floor and prayed. And the hands that had moved my head to see Jesus, turned my head back to the floor, and continued to hold me there. The next thing I remember, my father opened the door and asked me if I was okay. No, I said. Im pinned to the floor. Please call Mom. While my father went back to the front office (there was no phone in the lounge), my experience suddenly changed dramatically. I was suddenly hearing sounds that were loud and clear and very real, but very distressing. The sounds were of emergency sirens, gunfire, and women shrieking in terror. At the same time, in my minds eye, I could see the major urban intersection near my fathers office with windows all blown out, burned out shells of cars in the street, and snipers scurrying in the shadows. I thought I was being shown a vision of the end of the world, but when I asked if that is what this was, there were no answers. Moments later, my father returned, and I found that I was able to get up off the floor. My mother was on the phone and wanted to speak with me, so I headed to the front office. However, as soon as I walked into the office and saw the large picture windows, I was immediately stricken with the most intense paranoia. I collapsed to the floor, certain that I was going to get shot by a sniper (probably connected to the frightening vision I had moments earlier). Long story not as long, this paranoia lasted another half hour or so during which time my father managed to get me into his car and drive me to his house (my old family house where the previously reported DEE took place). Once I got home, and was under the care of my mother, the paranoia dissipated. However, it transformed into a mania that lasted for another 40 hours or so, during which time I believed I knew everything about everything, wrote many things about God and life, and couldnt sleep. Finally, after about 40 hours, I crashed and slept for 16 hours. When I woke up, I was back to my normal self agai",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",some,Freelan,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1135,ADC,1104,66,,F,"So, it was the end of the day with the sun sinking and I wanted to complete the painting which was not going well. I thought to take a break , see if on my return, the answer would be apparent. So I left the studio, walked across the deck and into my house. From the bedroom, I stepped into the long hall which leads to the kitchen and as I did so, I was shocked and awed to see my husband with outstretched arms, grinning from ear to ear and wearing cutoffs. He was striding toward me with great enthusiasm. I was just dumbstruck! He must have taken three steps toward me when I bent forward, covered my face with my hands and called out, Dana, Dana! When I looked up, he was gone.  I learned that we are eternal. That my husband was gifting me with comfort and consolation.    ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1136,OBE,1444,25,,F,I dont recall any of it...is was though i was in a trance...my spirit was being shared...what i do know for sure is that i have been chosen and have many life experiences to support that...i know the world we struggle to accept.    ,,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Pre-Med,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1137,SDE,1210,58,,F,    ,,British c,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Prefer no,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1138,DEE,1319,51,,F,"I awoke at 2:00 a.m. and noticed a dim light that appeared to be emanating from the wall in the hallway. I thought that was odd, as all the lights in our apartment were turned off and my husband was asleep in the living room. I sat up in bed to get a closer look when I saw two images very clearly displayed on the hallway wall, which appeared in the center of that dim light. They were two shadows, one in the shape of a butterfly and one in the shape of a dove. They were quite detailed. The butterfly, for example, had the veins in its wings prominently outlined as if it were made of stained glass- but it was a shadow, in black and white. The dove also appeared to resemble an image you might see on stained glass, only black and white. I sat up further and spoke out loud to myself: I am awake. This is real. What I am seeing is real... Then, the butterflys wings began to move and it flew up the wall and to the ceiling, where it disappeared. Next, the doves wings began to flutter, and it also moved up toward the ceiling and disappeared. I had the intense impression that this was a sign that I had moved in a positive spiritual direction that day, by having that talk earlier with my husband in which I opened up about myself. I felt very, very happy. Not ecstatic, just happy. I remember smiling intensely before going back to sleep.    ",,US    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,weekly,seldom,moder,littl,"100,000+",maste,Speech-,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1139,ME ,1127,51,,F,See above.    ,,I am a U.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1140,ME ,1549,56,,F,See answers above.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unity,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",docto,Mother,,divor,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1141,ME ,1235,81,,F,    ,,Citizen,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1142,DEE,1060,32,,F,"I was writhing on the bed from the extreme discomfort of nausea and cramping. I was losing fluids in waves from all ends. The bathroom was close by (I was making frequent trips) but was lying on the bed to rest between waves. I felt a presence come to me it was above me and a little bit to the left. I didnt see a face, but I felt it tremendous love and a feeling of simplicity and calm, grace, peace, that everything was fine and accepted. If I were to give the presence a color, I would say it was a very pale grey, like a dove, not white. It said to me through direct knowing, not a voice Do you want to stay or do you want to go? And thats when I realized the severity of my condition, reacted, called my husband and he called the hotel staff.    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,Housewi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1143,ADC,1529,65,,F,See above. The feeling afterwards was one of contentment and knowledge that he will always be with me.    ,,Citizen,"50,000",atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Homemak,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1144,NDE,1276,45,,M,"My first memories was a sense of unnatural sounds like the building itself was breathing or living somehow. I saw through the walls to a room that I knew was on another dimension or in a spiritual plane. In this room, men sat and leaned against the walls while they waited. I knew somehow that they were waiting to escort the dead to another place. I knew that I was close to death in this moment and that was the reason I could see them. I was not afraid. I just knew it.  My next memory was of a village setting that looked medieval or European. The streets were cobble stone and the buildings were stone as well. People walked in groups down the road. I think a better description would be that they wondered aimlessly. They looked straight ahead, slightly downward and seemed to be without hope. I had an overwhelming feeling of gloom in this place and I felt as though they were being punished or detained in some way.  The thing that was MOST striking about these visions was there absolute vividness. It was as though I was seeing them with the most high definition TV ever seen. I could not explain how powerful this sense of visual clarity was. It was as though it were more real than real life. Even though these people seemed as though they were not supposed to look at me, occasionally one would lock eyes with me for just a moment. They had such despair in their eyes that it saddened me to make eye contact.  Later I was in this same place in a large arena, though that is not really the right word. It was a place in a large building that had a circular path that came in one door and passed in front of what seemed to be stadium type seating.  I had a feeling that people were paraded through this place in the lines I had seen them walking in on the streets to possibly be judged or reviewed in some way. Again, the architecture was like nothing I have seen here in the states. It seemed very old and mostly made from stone.  My next and final memory was my defining moment where I was like a speck dust floating in a space that felt like a large room. I was exactly like those particles of dust that you see floating randomly in the open space of a room as the sunlight passes through a window. I was free, floating on an invisible river of air through this space, around a tree or plant, feeling sheer joy and amazement. I had no identity in these moments. I had no memory of anything personal or earthly. I only knew that I was truly at peace. I was one with the universe, completely accepted, and loved. I felt such joy in those brief moments that it makes my heart race even now as I recall it. As I passed through this space, I saw a very obvious ray of what I thought was sunshine coming downward from the right from no obvious window or light source. I didnt question anything, but I remember a sense of really hoping that I would drift through this light. As I did enter the light, I felt happiness like I have never known. I felt as though anything I had known before this moment was infantile and insignificant. I knew this was the presence of God, though I did not see a face. I dont even know that I had the ability to look at the source of the light. I just basked in its glory.  I saw flashes or arcs of light zipping above me. They looked like just that really, but I felt like they were something bigger than me, something more than I could even try to understand. Later, I remembered seeing a phenomenon called flying rods that I have seen myself in videos that I have where these things that are not visible to the naked eye show up on high speed video and they appear to swim through the sky with multiple wings on a straight translucent body.  I wonder if these could be what I saw in this place. As far as I know this phenomenon is not explained scientifically yet, but you can find hundreds or thousands of video accounts on youtube by searching for flying rods. I may be nothing, but then again...  I had a number of very substantial things that became known to me in this place. For one, the reason that everyone describes these visions as being so vivid is that we are not looking at them with our failing human eyes. We are seeing them in a supernatural state of being where our tired old eyeballs could not even begin to compare. Also, I became acutely aware that I am a being inside of a being. I felt that I am a spirit aside from the conscious brain thought, which I always thought was ME. Suddenly, I had all of these memories of things like driving on long trips when I am complete zoned out in deep thought, yet somehow my body is driving the car, slowing and speeding up in traffic, using turn signals, and yet I arrive 30 miles later not remembering the drive. It occurred to me that there is a watcher within us that is the true us who is ready to take the wheel at any moment if we zone out, so to s",,US Citize,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Compute,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1145,NDA,1474,34,,F,"As many people describe accidents, everything seemed to go in slow motion, and I watched. I found that instead of fear, I became very, very calm. I felt that I had no control over what was about to occur, and that was OK. I knew the severity of the situation would surely lead to my death. The feeling is indescribeable really. My past did not flash before me, instead, the only thing that came to me, other than the complete peace and acceptance, was the recurring thought that if I died that day, I would not be able to bring my daughter into the world. I was not pregnant at the time, nor trying to get pregnant. The only thing that mattered though was telling my husband that I loved him and that if I died, I would not be able to have my daughter. I was no longer fearful of death.    ",,USA citiz,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Lab wor,,marri,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1146,SDE,1517,27,,M,"I was awake and alert. After doctors told us they were unable to necessitate my father, my mother and I were lead into the ER to identify his body. Lying on a gurney, I saw his body; However, I saw his spirit/energy 4-6 feet above his body. It looked like transparent water moving in a stream. It was his energy, like what you feel when they enter the room behind you. it told the chaplain who was with us. She said, Some people see that. I also saw and felt my father, as listed above, at his funeral, but not as strong. I felt a peace in knowing he is still with me in spirit.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Peace C,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1147,OBE,1499,4,,F,"My experience is difficult to define, the feeling of being in a heavenly place cannot be defined. I knew it was euphoric, a continuous euphoria. I know one day I will return there. I look forward to it with longing. I do not fear death. I also know that I have a purpose. I do not remember what that purpose is. It baffles me. I believe I have lived before. I have no recollection of past lives, but I definitely believe God sent me back, I believe I was angry about that for I know how challenging life on earth is. I do believe everyones life has a purpose, it is not random. I have had a very difficult, and challenging life. I have struggled more than most, so I find it difficult to understand what my purpose is.    ",,Im a US c,1 2000,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,none,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1148,ADC,1456,34,,F,"Amanda was radient, she had beautiful dark hair against the all white clothes, her smile was big and honest and happy to see me. I didnt hear anyting really, as soon as I saw her I said HIIIIiiiiiiii, how are you doing?!?!?!?!? Then we have a very long two way conversation.    ",,US    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Owned a,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1149,ME ,1366,34,,F,"I was sitting under a tree and began to think the tree was conscious. Shortly thereafter I felt I was being contacted by my deceased father who said he was worried about the fact that my mother still smoked. (He died of lung cancer in 1981). After a day another entity took my fathers place. He said his name was Thieliel and that he was a Greek scribe who had been captured by the Assyrians and forced into service. I got a flash of him falling to his death from a tower and some pages of strange script. He said that as a suicide he had chosen to spend some time in the afterlife as a guide to prevent the suicide of someone else.  After this encounter, for several days the world seemed to get darker and more threatening, like, physically. My husband wanted to put me in a mental hospital and I feared Id never see my children again. At the worst of it I said a common Catholic prayer--at that point, I was hearing terrible suffering and was aware of this inky blackness. As soon as I said the prayer, whoosh! right out the top of my head into the Light. The Light was 1) timeless, 2) all knowing, 3) perfect love. I was part of it, yet myself also. I saw in this state that time as we know it is an illusion and that love and knowledge cannot be separated. I also had access to any knowledge, even things that today I would struggle to understand.    ",,I am a US,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1150,NDE,1052,42,,F,"As I was holding my son I began praying (to a God that I hoped existed although I certainly was not sure actually did...too much scientist in me). As I held him and prayed I became keenly aware of this dark presence following quickly behind my son and me. This awareness was not in real time but still, an intense awareness of this strong force. I began having chills and intestinal disturbances and felt true terror. As I felt this force nearing both of us and about to encircle us. I was very aware that this force was actually the dark angel of death. My prayer changed from please God, allow my son to live to God, if you have to take him then he is your child not mine. And I am aware that I am your child as well and you will have to help me. At that precise moment I felt a shift in my sons breathing. In the upper left corner of the room I became aware of a brilliant and luminescent light. This light slowly grew and filled the upper quadrant of the darkened room. I honestly thought that I was having a stress induced migraine and was having an aura. However, when I turned my head the aura did not follow with my movements. The light remained in that left upper corner of the room. The brightness of it grew and grew and enlarged to where it filled the room. I tried to look at the light but it was too bright. The light was the most brilliant and beautiful light that I have even seen. I had never (and still have never) seen anything like it. It was more than light...like it had consistancy. And then this incredible awareness occurred and my thought was oh my God, its God. And in that moment I becamse aware that God was/is more real than anything else that I had ever seen or known. My perception of God changed in that instance from my being a skeptic to the assurance that God is a definite and known entity. It was as real as anything that I have ever seen. I felt bathed in this glow and felt warmed....held and loved. Im not sure how long this lasted but slowly the light rescended but the awareness did not. The feeling that I had was the peace that surpasses all understanding. I knew that my son was going to be fine. My chills disappeared and I felt no more worry or anxiety. The doctors continued to check on my son and finally an hour after the light appeared they came in and said we think that hes turned the corner. I felt like they sure got the news on a delayed schedule. For a long time I felt that I was having some stress response to my sons health crisis but the knowing has never receded. Ive ever since referred to this as my near death experience by proxy. My son improved and was released from the hospital several days later. That event still is vivid and real in my mind like it happened yesterday. The awareness and belief from that experience has continued on to this day.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Physica,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1151,ADC,1191,35,,F,"I didnt observe anything. It was entirely spiritual. I felt a strong feeling of reassurance and love. I felt freed from fear of death, and fear of life.    ",,Citizen,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",some,Housewi,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1152,NDE,1416,75,,M,After going to hospital and waiting in the emergency room for several hours they finally let me back into the emergency room. The nurse typing on her computer said well Mr. Snyder it is not a stroke or a heart attack. We think she will be fine. I turned to give my wife a cheer and she was staring into space. She never said a word or changed expression with eyes wide open. No reflects of and kind when I grabbed her hand and held it. They called neurologist after about and hour and he said he thought she had a brain stem stroke. We sat and watched her systems shut down and after arriving at 10:30 at night she passed at 8:30 the next morning. No words were ever spoken than I am going home and do not take me to hospital. Do you think she had a vision that she was going home. Or in my view she was going to heaven. After reading Dr. Alexanders book Proof of Heaven    ,,Citizen U,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",docto,College,,marri,widow,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1153,ME ,1427,61,,F,I felt at peace and thought that it was nice that Jesus was with me. I never thought that I wouldnt be ok.    ,,us    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,teacher,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1154,NDE,1088,40,,F,"I was out of body, going up...I was in a pretty place like in the sky, in clouds...I was moving toward a bus in the sky and I was supposed to get on it. I believe there was soothing music I was heading toward the bus I was conscious of myself...and I wanted to go...I was losing knowledge of my life here on earth...I was almost to the bus and I wanted to go with it. Then I heard my name being called far far away...and I had to make a decision to go to the bus or go home or back down...then I knew it was not my time for the bus. Next then I know I could hear louder and louder and I was smelling smelling salt. I was awake and scared.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Technic,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1155,ADC,1435,59,,F,"I did not see anything, but had a very strong scent of floral (not sure what type); I had the sense that it was my mothers spirit telling me she was OK after I tried to find the source of the scent. I felt peaceful at this time, but also thought I would like to believe that she was contacting me. I share this with my husband and daughter the next morning (the scent was gone when I woke up in the morning)    ",,citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,researc,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1156,ADC,1378,29,,F,I observed my uncle sitting in a chair in our spare bedroom and communicating mind to mind about the place or current state he was communicating from. I was happy to see him but was unable to comprehend the message he was sending. I left knowing that his consciousness survived his death 7 months earlier. He was wearing an old white sweat shirt and tan pants that I remembered him wearing in the past. I learned that he was OK and in no pain or distress.    ,,USA citiz,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,College,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1157,ADC,1206,89,,F,Both myself and sister were in awe and knew it was moms way of telling us she was there with us. We were very close to mom and were devastated by her passing.    ,,Canadian,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1158,DEE,1182,4,,F,"It was night and I was in bed. I dont recall this part well, but somehow I became aware that my father was not at home. (I was somewhere between 3-5 years old) My father had gone to visit a neighbor two doors down (old Mr Safran) I was a timid child and for some reason I was utterly scared of this neighbor, even though there was no reason to be. He actually was a kindly old gentleman who even remembered the neighborhood children in his will but for whatever reason I was very frightened of him. When I awoke and realized it was (to me at least) late at night and my father was not yet home, I was terrified that Mr Safran had hurt him or killed him. (Again, no reason why I would think this) I was laying in my bed and I was terrified. I dont remember if I was crying, but if I was, it wasnt loud enough for my mother to hear. I was (and still am) the type of person that does not cry out for help. I dont know if I was praying for my father to be ok as I dont remember if I was old enough to have been taught about free-form prayers. Anyway, I felt a warm, comforting, loving presence that assured me everything would be OK. (And of course it was, as my father had never been in any danger whatsoever other than in my mind) It was like being wrapped up in a warm soft blanket of love and happiness. It was so long ago and I was so young that I dont remember anything beyond that but I have never forgotten it either. I did not see or hear anything, it was completely a feeling of love and reassurance.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,none ch,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1159,ME ,1067,33,,F,"I prayed for probably 3 4 months, as I continued to read the Course and do the workbook. Suddenly, literally out of the blue, one day I had an encounter with my boss where I felt blamed for something that wasnt my fault. He said something to me, and I responded in a really defensive way. The moment I spoke my response to him, I felt the left side of my scalp tingle. Not just a tiny tingle, but the ENTIRE left side of my scalp really tingled like the way you might imagine it feels when a cats hair stands on end. During this encounter with my boss, I was fully aware something strange had happened on my scalp...but I was too wrapped up in the defensive discussion to really pay that much attention to it. Later on the same day, I had a negative thought about something else, and this very strong tingle thing happened again. Very shortly, I realized what seemed to be happening was that my prayer had been answered...I was being shown without question, which of my thoughts had a negative component to them by having this very strong tingle each and every time I had one! This amazed me, and still does to this day. For the next several months, I got used to this feeling and played around with it. It happens without fail, when I have any thought that violates Gods (or our own) nature. If my thought is really big, the tingle is really big and covers the entire left side of my head. If my thought is smaller, a passing thing, the tingle will still be there...only reduced to a tiny tingle on mostly the top of the left side of my head. As I worked with this feeling, I learned very quickly how to avoid the types of thoughts that would make the tingle happen. At this time, I rarely have the tingle...ie: I have trained my thought process to be much more loving. The tingle is still there very strongly if I slip up, however. I can also make the tingle happen on purpose, simply by deliberately thinking about a very negative or hateful emotion. I thought this was interesting in that it is something I can do at will, as well as it being there to warn me off bad thoughts when I havent been trying.    ",,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",Some,bookkee,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1160,DEE,1441,31,,F,see above.    ,,us    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",colle,embroid,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1161,ADC,1347,32,,F,see above    ,,legal,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",maste,Social,,marri,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
1162,OBE,1133,39,,M,"The night before I had this experience was a very emotional point in my life, the world seemed so terribly unjust and cruel that I was at a breaking point, that evening when arriving home walking from my car to the front door I paused to look up into the star filled sky with tears rolling down my cheeks quietly cried Why, why, why? I could not understand how the complete innocents of this world could be treated so terribly, how children could suffer so unjustly under the hand of others. I cried to sky as the universe because I could not believe in a God and had little faith in anything spiritual, if any.  Since rejecting the belief in God at the age of about 22, I did not believe such a thing could exist, because any such God which would allow these kinds of things to happen wasnt any kind of God to me. I couldnt pray to the concept of God but the universe was real, the immense out there, the all that is was something I could pour out my heart to without needing a belief in God. That night I gave the heavens my full heart seeking an answer to that question, with all my heart tearfully pleading for the answer. The next afternoon I received an answer to that question; since we are all a part of one another we do it to ourselves.  Although the answer didnt completely make up for all of the pain, much of the edge of that pain was taken off by finally being able to understand why such terrible things could happen to others in our world, to simply understand we have the freedom of choice to do such things because in the wider perspective the reality is we are all one and in that hurting no one else other than ourselves. Because of this and this alone we are allowed the freedom to do good or evil, if we werent really one I do not believe the spiritual heart of life would allow such to occur, call that center God, the conscious collective, the collective soul or what ever name you might choose. I finally came to understand, in the end we all pay the price for any wrong as well as reap the reward for any good and this took away much of the anger I had against reality for allowing terrible things to happen to good people.  The following is how the answer came to me through a dream-vision which was the most lucid moment of my life before or since but I must also add the following; the experience and my conclusions from it are my own made from who I am as a individual and how I saw the experience. Was it really God on high I met? I thought it was but beyond my own belief I cannot say it was, perhaps I met a collective soul which was so wonderful to me I thought it was God when in fact God might be levels above, so to speak,.   The Vision: Meeting a Sun-Intelligence-God. Sun of Souls~Souls of Sun; One Spirit~One Life.  Note: This experience was no doubt individually viewed through my own shade of colored glasses, limited to my own ability to understand things at the time, how I needed to be shown who we really are. This may have been brought on by severe apnea, a problem I had where I could stop breathing for long periods of time. I believe I may have stopped breathing for far too long that afternoon and had come close to death producing this NDE-like experience. I dont really know if this was a OOBE or due to apnea, but either way, what ever caused the experience it deeply impacted my outlook on life, what and who we really are.  One warm afternoon in 1996 I took a short nap and unexpectedly awoke within my slumber to find myself in a vast void in the presence of a huge sun or sphere of light, quickly coming to the understanding that this sun was pure conscious awareness. I was completely surprised to find myself so fully conscious in this empty but light-filled void which I knew to be more real than waking reality, in this place feeling super-conscious beyond anything I had experienced before. Although the light was without any kind of visual hint of facial features, I strongly sensed it smiling nothing but love for me and through those feelings knowing an unseen face.  While in the presence of this light I immediately and fully felt it peering deeply into my own awareness, lovingly knowing everything about me all at once. Feeling such love coming from this light I suddenly came to an awareness that this sun was God! I was so overwhelmed and surprised that God was real that I mentally gasped and then yelled out, \xe2\x80\x9cYou\xe2\x80\x99re Real!\xe2\x80\x9d. Just prior to this experience I had a deep mistrust of religion and rejected the concept of any kind of God or creator, much less the idea there was any continuation for human beings beyond our physical lives. Years before this experience, I had decided for many seemingly valid reasons that religion and God were only a product of the human mind, yet there I was standing in the presence of what I knew without a doubt wa",,USA    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",Did not,Satelli,,marri,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1163,OBE,1056,26,,F,"I had gone to bed and was dreaming that I was walking toward one of the classsrooms at the school I was attending. The classroom looked a little different, in that it had windows on three sides. There were students sitting quietly in the classroom, and the light was out. I could see the students sitting in the dark, and I wondered why they were sitting there in the dark when I could see a light coming from under one of the doors. I remember thinking that it was ok if they wanted to sit in the dark but that I wanted to go toward the light. As I opened the door I was surrounded by the brightest light I have every seen, so bright that it would normally cause one to close their eyes. It was the most warm, most loving, most peaceful experience- words cannot describe it. At the same time I realized I could see all around me, that I was not a body standing in the light but I was one with the light. I had no face, no eyes, no body. I dont know how long I was there. It was so beautiful, so peaceful, so loving and yet it wasnt separate from me, I was a part of it. Suddenly I woke up. I tried to go back to sleep to continue it but I couldnt. I was so disappointed that I couldnt get back.     ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,religious,religious,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1164,NDE,1509,57,,M,"I awaken to the most beautiful music, but it is so much more than music. It is not just sound, it is everything. Blue is a pronounced theme, but it is so much more than that. There are other colours, yet no darkness, no shadows. The source of the music is a person whose features I cannot see yet somehow know that she is creating the musical accompaniment to this experience. She is the most perfect Phantom of the Opera organist. The sound/music emanates from everywhere, yet I see it as notes floating from a pipe organ, but it is not a pipe organ. It is so much more. I know that she is my sister, yet I dont recognize her. I know that everything is as it should be. There is no time to the experience. It is not like an event that can be measured in minutes, hours, days or years; it simply IS. There is an OBE amidst all of this, which I think has its own area within this questionnaire.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1165,DEE,1260,32,,F,"Other than the above information, I felt very comforted.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales f,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1166,ADC,1290,62,,F,"On January 4, 2007, I was alone in the kitchen of my home in Ossining, NY. My husband was upstairs working. I like my home orderly and keep everything in its place. It was daytime and I was preparing some food when my eye caught an object by the floor. I looked down and saw a little white square paper wedged up against the dark green backsplash runner by the floor. I picked up the paper. It was actually an empty little envelope with a gold lining inside. The envelope looked like it was opened after it was sealed because it had a rip in the flap. It was the kind of gift envelope that contained a card with someones name on it that youd give with a gift at Christmas. On the front of the envelope was the hand-printed word Dad. It looked like my handwriting but I didnt remember giving my father this envelope in the 2 1/2 years we were communicating just before his passing, and we didnt talk to each other for 29 years previously. In my home, a random and obscure object just doesnt turn up mysteriously in a strange place like that. I stood there with a shocked feeling, staring at the envelope. I thought I knew it came from a spiritual source but I wasnt ready to accept that. I had to rule out all possibilities. I called for Hank to come down and showed him the envelope. I asked if it was his. He said no. I asked if he ever saw this before. No. Could he imagine where it came from? No. I asked if it fell out of the newspapers he recycles in the kitchen. He said no. I told him where I found it and that it came from Holy Spirit. Hank became agitated and got a little angry. He was annoyed that mysterious, spiritual things like this were happening to me and darted back upstairs to his office. I stood there looking at the envelope and asked out loud: Dad, are you here with me now? Suddenly, a brisk wind came across my bare shins and I felt the chills. Then I knew my father was with me. I wanted to know more about this mystery, so I called a cousin of Hanks who was a Deacon at a Catholic Church in New Orleans. I asked Gary what all this meant. He said that God made my father my Guardian Angel and that my father would be watching over me. This was awesome. Although I had had a love/hate relationship with my father, I just loved him now and was happy to know he was with me. I have fond, loving memories bonding with my father in my childhood and enjoying life with him. (Im uploading a photo of this envelope. The envelope is white, although my iPhone or Mac turned the image and its surrounding area pink.)    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1167,DEE,1522,58,,F,"I felt tingling over my shoulders, neck and head and was aware that I had spiritual visitors, possibly three, there was some low level noise/speech that I couldnt decifer. I felt honoured that they had come to visit me, and I raised my head and looked up toward the ceiling a thin, lustrous, moving gold sheet was being moved above me from behind me towards the front of me, and pieces of gold dust were falling from the gold sheet onto me and the bed linen. I looked towards the beds on the other side of the room, and all was as it was before patients and their visitors talking, nursing staff in attendance. I was awake and lucid, and I thought to myself I will survive this (cancer experience and its treatment).    ",,Australia,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,Securit,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1168,SDE,1004,38,,F,"everything described above. In after thought, even now several years later. I wonder about this. Was I summoned to help him proceed to the next phase?  If so, why was I chosen? I feel honored if that was the case.    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,Web Pro,,single,single,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1169,NDE,1033,28,,F,I heard a soft voice urgently tell me to move my legs so that the fire could not get to my heart. I could not go with her because I had to stay with the children. I saw my two childrens faces before me and I struggled very hard to move my legs. I could feel the heat of the lightning moving in my body.     ,,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1170,ADC,1514,40,,F,"I was sleeping with my 9 year old son, Connor. My brother, Tripp, came to wake me up to tell me that my step-mother had called to tell him my father had passed away. I believe the time was 2:36 a.m. or close to that. When Tripp whispered to my from the hallway, I immediately jolted awake. I knew why he was waking me. He told me that he was going to my dads house, but that I should not go. I went downstairs to tell my husband that my dad had passed. Looking back, I was very calm. I was not crying or upset. My dad and I had an extremely close relationship. I was wide awake, so it was not that I wasnt fully understanding, I just wasnt upset for some reason. I went back upstairs and quietly got back in bed so as not to wake up my son. As soon as I lay back down, I fell back to sleep with no problem at all. (Another thing that seems strange given the situation.) It seems as soon as I feel asleep, I wasnt really sleep anymore, but sitting on my couch at my own home in Savannah. I looked up from my couch down the hall to my front door. Our front door has glass panes in it. Through the panes, I could see my dad standing there. He looked young like he did when I was a little girl. He had on seersucker pants, a starched white shirt and a bright yellow tie. I couldnt believe what I was seeing. I slowly walked to the door. Time seemed to go very slowly. He was patiently waiting and just smiling at me through the glass, his eyes never leaving mine. As I made my way to the door, I knew that he shouldnt be there. I also wondered how I got from the bed at my brothers house to my house in Savannah. I knew that he was gone and should not be here on earth. As I opened the door, he smiled, and said, Hey there, Sweet Girl...I promised you I would come back to see you in Savannah. I just stood there for what seemed like a long time and then slowly walked to him and started to hug him, but then I remembered the pain it caused when I hugged him because of the tumors in his abdomen. But he sensed my hesitation, and said, It is OK Sweet Girl. You cant hurt me anymore. There is no more pain. Then he walked through the front door, into my foyer and straight up my staircase where he just kind of vanished...I stood and watched him walk away, then I just immediately woke up, and I was wide awake, and the dream was as real and vivid as if I had just been standing at my front door. I was not groggy at all or scared or sad. I was so happy and comforted that he had come to me. I could still feel our hug. I looked at the clock and less than 40 minutes had passed since my brother had come in to tell me that my dad had passed away. I lay there for over an hour replaying the dream. Then as I was falling asleep, I begged and begged him to come back.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,avera,avera,"50,000 99",maste,Realtor,,marri,marri,Unc,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1171,ADC,1405,47,,F,"I instantly told my husband My father just caressed my cheek, as I looked at the clock to see the time (4:45 approximate).    ",,U.S.    Q,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1172,ADC,1206,89,,F,Both myself and sister were in awe and knew it was moms way of telling us she was there with us. We were very close to mom and were devastated by her passing.    ,,Canadian,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1173,ADC,1131,47,,F,"As above, in 43, I told my beloved pet I loved him and missed him, looking at his box of ashes I had received two hours earlier, lying on the floor at his favorit espot. I saw a gold light rise from his box of ashes. I said outloud what the hell! I called my husband and my sister and my sister-in-law and I asked Do you want to hear about my miracle. It affected me immediately. I knew immediately that there is much more to life than we think. I felt compelled to go the Barnes and Nobles the next day and purchase books. I ended up in the New Age section of Barnes and Nobles, which I had never done before. I bought about four or five books on after death contact with beloved pets. Some books had only one story, such as James Van Praaghs book Talking to Heaven. I bought Melvin Morse book and Raymond Moody books. I was compelled to visit web sites on the Internet, Guggenheims adc project web site, Jeff Longs NDE and after-death web site. I very proudly shared my story with anyone who would listen, wanting them to know their loved ones are okay and they will see them again some day.    ",,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Self-em,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1174,DEE,1404,21,,M,". I \xe2\x80\x9cImagined\xe2\x80\x9d in my head fields of daisies and the beach. I felt many sexual sensations that were very real and believed a woman was making love to me. I heard too many voices to say specifics. I felt terrified, weak physically, burning foul hot energy consuming me, energy that was directed towards me because I was weak, taken advantage of energetically. I felt beauty and true love. I realized how strong I was. Going through Hell like a brave soldier, taking the assault and spiritual violence \xe2\x80\x9crape\xe2\x80\x9d and enduring it as a cross to bare. Knowing only that I was good and I was in a realm of evil. Yet guided by my true love. Many hallucinations-auditory, tactile, olfactory, gustatory. Looking back I realize that I was lost in a world I didn\xe2\x80\x99t belong, that the higher powers had reached me and I was beginning the process of \xe2\x80\x98Waking Up\xe2\x80\x99. And that I was always a being of pure innocence and goodness. And that the evil world, or reality that I had been living in was torturing and giving me Hell because the last thing it wanted was for me to wake up.    ",,"British,",1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,unemplo,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1175,ADC,1377,51,,M,This is the actual text message I sent Subject: Message from Mum Hi Lone Im just awake and have just finished relaying to Sue a dream I have just finished having about an hour ago. This was unlike ANYTHING I have ever experienced in my life and I guess u may believe what Im about to say or not then thats fine. It was a message from Mum for me and us all. Ill try to describe it but the detail was as good if not better than real life. Ok this is what I was shown and told by Mum mainly. Others I saw were Dad and you. Everyone is happy and come and go busy doing exactly what they want in real life just the same. Same voices same mannerisms and smiling. As you think of some one some place or some thing it materialises and its there for you to touch use and even the smells are the same. The detail blew me away as Mum walked me from room to room by my arm and showed me that her home is still alive and well and shes home living there with all her gear pictures everything. I saw the laundry all full. I gave Mum a big kiss and she was happy to see me and have me visit. Each room was perfect right down to the wood grain on the cupboard doors and wardrobes. It was clearer than I can even remember now. I could touch and feel everything. I said can I look in the huts and I did opening the door and checking both out. The smell was the same lol. They were full of junk And I said to Mum how come and she said we keep all the extra gear in there because us kids arnt there. When I was inside the house if I concentrated real hard I could almost see the burnt walls and floors like a shadow or silhouette but Mum said to me firmly with a serious look on her face that she is NOT going to allow me to see that and it vanished. She said that our home exists in two different places at once. Its like one place is on 92fm and her place is 102fm. They share the same place or space but out of tune so u dont see the other. Anyway we had visitors come and go with cups of tea. Dad arrived in from up the farm smiling and whistling. You arrived for a visit and chat also happy and smiling. Everything coming and going as I thought of them. When I was in Mums old bedroom with the built in mirror I tried to look at myself but when I did I was like a ghost. Very faint and just a shape. And yet I could see the bloody grain in the varnished doors right beside. We went to the A&amp;P show and there were not many people there but it was on. What happens is only the people you knew and think about come through. This explains how in the spirit world its not jammed packed with every person who has passed on just your loved ones and friends coming and going like real life. Ok back home again and Muns really young and beautiful probably in her twenties. See they can appear as any age they want. I knew it was mum. I swung her around then she fell over a chair laughing. I had tea with Mum and now the afternoon was getting darker it was time for me to go. I have her a big hug and began to cry with joy. I knew I was experiencing a dream but it was much too real for just a memory and I could ask questions. I thought I would wake Sue with my crying but I went back to Mum. She smiled and said she is happy and well and not to fear. I asked her if I could come and visit her again but she got serious again and said no but she will think about it. I said how about once a week and I begged her but she smiled and said maybe. Oh well I thought. I walked out the gate and some guys standing on the driveway who looked like Eddie yates. He was wearing a parka and there was a farm implement behind him. I said to him who are you ? and he told me his name. Random spirits appear too and he was out the gate and seemed to be waiting for Dad to come out to see him. I hopped into my car yes u can drive in the afterlife but its cool . You dont have miles of boring nothingness. Next second Im on my way home to Hokitika and I stop in a town. I got out at a park and some guys sitting there in his car with his mouth wide open looking at me. I said what are u looking at ? He says you are bloody flying and floating up in the air. I said so ... You can too come on up so he hops out and flies up to me. He was hopeless and tumbled over. I laughed. Then I awoke in bed at home with tears running down my cheeks and so bloody happy I had to wake Sue and relay this story. It was not a dream but was a real experience. It was like a near death experience without the death. I could see anything I wanted and ask questions at will. I feel a lot more content about home and Mum and I have been shown a glimpse of heaven. It was SOOO nice I can see why Mum is restricting my return. If u stay and dont go back you die and its not my time. But we are allowed to visit but only when our loved ones allow us. I hope this makes sense and I was pleased to see you there too,,New Zeala,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Vehicle,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1176,DEE,1275,22,,F,"As I walked down the hallway I felt as though I had hit a wall. The sounds in my ear were what felt like if someone were opening and closing their mouth into your ear. It were almost like words but were things I could not understand. The feeling of wind passing on top of it all gave me the assurance that my mother must be behind me. Wen I looked around and no one was there I was startled and started screaming. When I looked into my fathers room which lit up the hallway and his bedroom due to the television glow I noticed he was sitting wide awake in his chair smiling at me very calmly and said it was ok and to go back to bed. That instant all the memories of my dad explaining he had been visited by his angel had flashed into my mind and I panicked and said ok and went back into my room. Once there I felt no longer scared but so very grateful for the chance to witness that it was all real, that angels and god and heaven, its all real. I felt as though it was gods way if saying we are here and iChat my father was going to be ok and so was I.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",High,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1177,ADC,1134,33,,F,I did so on question 3.    ,,USA citiz,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio,housewi,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1178,ADC,1433,22,,F,"I dreamed I went into an art-house movie theater that I liked. I walked down the aisle to sit down, found a seat, and looked over to see my father sitting next to me. I could see every line and detail on his face, so I knew it was him. I was speechless, and excited, and tried to think of something to say. I kind of stammered, did you want to meet my fiance? He said, No I just want to be with you. I felt such peace knowing that he loved me after all.    ",,born citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,working,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1179,OBE,1524,21,,F,So I was sitting upright and looking at the end of the bed where I felt a presence not one person but a group of people. I actually could not see these people they did not reveal themselves. I saw an outline like an aura white and thin foggy. Someone said to me telepathically come over. I hesitated scared I remember and said Im not ready. Then snap I was lying down again and opened my eyes. The room was exactly how I saw it through them closed other than the beings were gone. I felt like I knew these people intimately more than the people I know in this world even though I couldnt see them I sensed they were close to me like family like my real family. I felt I could trust them but that I hadnt completed my purposes on earth yet. I was in effect asking for more time. So it seemed in the ensuing days that followed I made a conscious effort to stop satisfying myself and helping others.    ,,New Zeala,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,moder,"50,000 99",maste,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1180,DEE,1420,15,,M,"On the third day in the hospital, the day I had planned to end my life, I spent the only night of my treatment without a roommate. In hindsight, however, I know that I was not alone that evening. During a period of intense reflection, I decided to open the Bible that was provided in each room. I casually flipped through the pages and eventually turned to the back cover where someone had scribbled a few of their favorite verses, one of which was Ecclesiastes 7:17. I immediately located chapter 7 / verse 17 in the very top right corner of the page, next to the page number of 717, where the number 717 was scratched in pen directly above the page number. I was strangely comforted and terrified simultaneously as I read the words, \xe2\x80\x9cBe not over much wicked; neither be thou foolish. Why shouldest thou die before thy time.\xe2\x80\x9d The rest of the chapter proceeds to advise the reader against submitting to the extremes of both righteousness and wickness, foolishness and wisdom, and purity and profane. Ill always have a physical monument of this miraculous affirmation of Gods love for me because, like the heathen I am, I took advantage of my lone solitary evening in the hospitial to secretly remove the passage which I carry on my person to this day.  Though I did not realize it until ten years after the fact, this was a covenent with God that was initiated before I ever even entered the hospital. Shortly before I plotted my suicide and entered the hospital, I had carved a cross into my chest and filled it with black ink as I selfishly pleaded with God to end my girlfriends unintended pregnancy. At the age of fifteen, my shortsighted naivity deluded my judgment into thinking this child would mark the end of my existence. Shortly thereafter, my girlfriend miscarried an innocent life whose destiny was not its own. I had desperately pleaded with God to change the course of my life and received more than I bargained for when, to my surprise, our covenent was sealed during that third evening in that hospital. The undoubted reason that God used the trifect appearance of 717 to get my attention is because 717 indicates the month and day of my birth on July 17, 1987. It was through this miracle that God sealed our first covenant with the symbol of 717. Little did I know, this was only the beginning of a wealth of revelations that have continued to unfold through the present day.    ",,United St,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I was 1,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1181,NDE,1416,75,,M,After going to hospital and waiting in the emergency room for several hours they finally let me back into the emergency room. The nurse typing on her computer said well Mr. Snyder it is not a stroke or a heart attack. We think she will be fine. I turned to give my wife a cheer and she was staring into space. She never said a word or changed expression with eyes wide open. No reflects of and kind when I grabbed her hand and held it. They called neurologist after about and hour and he said he thought she had a brain stem stroke. We sat and watched her systems shut down and after arriving at 10:30 at night she passed at 8:30 the next morning. No words were ever spoken than I am going home and do not take me to hospital. Do you think she had a vision that she was going home. Or in my view she was going to heaven. After reading Dr. Alexanders book Proof of Heaven    ,,Citizen U,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",docto,College,,marri,widow,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1182,ADC,1471,46,,F,"I cant find the right words for it, because I dont have the vocabulary knowledge to do so, but I try. My senses expanded. I could feel and see the spirituell part of us, and making the decision before it actually hit the human brain. It feels like someone is standing behind you and does everything for you and you are just the puppett. That means, I noticed in a conversation with my friends, we where sitting at a table, and we were debating on something, which actually did not make sense, but in that moment I have seen the spirit part of my friends saying lets go, and in that instant my friends got up and left. Than there was a situation I wanted to trade my car. So I went to the cardealer and talked to him, there was no reason that I would not have been able to trade in my car. I had money and good credit. But I heard the spirituell conversation again, and there was a headshaking no on my side and the cardealer said ok, I am not able to trade in your car. I wanted to by a cheap place, and there it was again, the no from both places. Everything I my ego wanted to do, I felt like I move against a wall. Everything I my ego thought would be good for me, moved through my fingers. I was actually out of control, even though I knew what I was doing. It did maked absolutely no sense to me than, now I do. I would share many many things. But I think I would have to talk or write to you more about it.    ",,US citize,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,none,"0 24,999",High,Clinica,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1183,DEE,1175,42,,F,"I did above. I know these were real. Once when I was a unwed mom at 18 back in the 70s, Life was so hard. I was lost and alone, trying to raise my son alone, I was so tired, I worked very hard and hardly slept, but I knew I was awake and I remember asking God aloud while driving in my car, why am I here What do you want from me  Why cant you help me take care of this little one and what is this life all about. I got an answer. It explained everything, and I remember me suddenly understanding everything. He told me and I had it, and just as quick as I had it, I forgot it. I can remember that I had received the answers that were amazing, I had the answers it all made incredible sense, then poof gone in an instant. I wanted for years to go to some one who could help me remember what I had lost, hypnosis or something, but never did. It was real. I have had three experiences in my life that are real, that most would think I was crazy over.     ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,undec,none,"25,000 49",Some,Veterin,,single,single,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1184,ME ,1169,19,,F,It is hard to describe because using conventional language doesnt fit. Something came over me in which I experienced a feeling (this is not the right word) of complete PERFECTION. I say feeling isnt the right word because it implies emotion. What I experienced was not of any of the five senses. It was the best feeling I have ever had and can only say it was a spiritual experience of perfection. It must have been from what we call God.    ,,I am a ci,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",colle,Chartis,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1185,NDA,1446,52,,M,"When I left my body I yelled out that I was sorry if I had hurt anyone in anyway while I was visiting Earth...apparently I yelled it out with so much conviction and emotion that I startled everyone around me...and He happened to be standing right over there...and He came over to where I was to see what all the commotion was all about...I didnt know who He was but I jumped in front of Him and began running my mouth...saying that I had just gotten out of prison, had cancer and was getting a big government check every month and that Id never have to work again and that I wasnt ready to die...I wanted to go back and have some fun...I got them all laughing at me...I got Jesus laughing at me...it was then that He reached out and touched me and instantaneously healed me of my cancer and sent me back to my body....I was told that I would live for another 26 years...that no one in the medical community would be able to explain how it was that I was still living...    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,dail,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,convict,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1186,ME ,1074,49,,F,"i could hear her in my mind and feel her in the breeze the earth the sun part of the trees wispering to me. Understanding not hearing that she was here with me in me part of all of me and the cosmos in all things and in one felled swoop I understood the meaning God is everywhere, omnipotent,  I got it ! I felt a comprehension a connection that all is one. This is really the third time this has happened . Always in conjunction with nature no drugs or alcohol etc. I felt euphoric my grief changed in a sense and I felt my Mothers Joy!! I new she was happy and with her beloved Jesus. She had unwavering faith. I was awed again and knew that like birth, death is a miracle, the same as coming is the passage of going a miracle!    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Commerc,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1187,OBE,1444,25,,F,I dont recall any of it...is was though i was in a trance...my spirit was being shared...what i do know for sure is that i have been chosen and have many life experiences to support that...i know the world we struggle to accept.    ,,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Pre-Med,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1188,ADC,1343,52,,M,    ,,citizen,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Truckdr,,divor,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1189,ME ,1437,49,,F,"On meeting one of their friends I became aware of a feeling of joy, exhilaration, expansion and enthusiasm of which I had never felt before. We then met at the dinner table in which he sat opposite me. I was aware of an attraction but also of a repulsion for him. I spent the time avoiding eye contact with him but then a magnetic pull of my eyes drew them up to look at him directly. Time then stood still! I felt like I had arrived home. A spontaneous smile appeared on my face and we looked into each other for what seemed like forever. I then looked away. Next morning I avoided him as I felt he was really dangerous.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Compute,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1190,DEE,1158,9,,M,"As the night passed I would fall into and out of sleep, waking when I became cold with chills or hot from the fever. At one point during the night I had awoken again from the fever and at that time I became more aware that my illness was worse, much worse than my parents had originally thought. I definitely dont believe my parents were aware of just how ill I was because had they know they would have taken me to a doctor. At this point when I awoke from the fever I was delirious again and wanted to get up and wake my parents to tell them how sick I was but I didnt have the strength to get up or yell for them. I was very distressed by this time as I just intuitively knew I was very ill and I needed help, but was helpless as I could not speak let alone get up to tell my parents. Just as I thought my fever couldnt get any worse and as I laid helpless in my bed a white-golden light started to appear to my left and I turned my eyes to see this white-golden light begin to form against the wall. This white-golden light began to take shape until it became three separate beings, all bathed in the white-golden light they formed from, a white-golden light that seemed to dance all around them. They did not speak, they did not look directly at me, but instead they stood silently with heads bowed. I do remember they were all dressed in what I can only describe as a monks robe, with the hood and large sleeves. As soon as I saw the beings of light I immediately began to feel better, I no longer felt feverish, my aches stopped and my strength was coming back. Prior to that moment I was feeling the worse I had all night and my fever and delirium still had a grip on me, yet the moment I began to see the beings forming my fever dissipated and the delirium went away. Once the beings were fully formed my thinking was completely clear again, no delirium and my fever and aches were gone. The overwhelming feeling of complete serenity, peace and calm came over me, I was not afraid of the beings in the least and instinctively knew they were there for me, then just as suddenly as the golden beings of light had appeared they faded away.    ",,American,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,"None, I",,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1191,DEE,1317,54,,F,"Please see number 43 above. TO add to number 43 above: I heard nothing, but sometimes my dogs would perk up their ears at something.  I have learned that my husband in a different form, and his spiritual helpers, have been present with me during certain times when I have really needed his and their presence. I have learned through his presence through these forms of light that there is a wider realm of undying consciousness that is very beautiful and peaceful and full of love and light. I have asked, intended, that he include me in as much of this learning as possible so that I can better understand life on the other side of the veil, and so that I can be a better human being and can spread more love to the world. I have also learned that despite the horrendous pain and suffering he endured as a result of his cycling accident- he was alive for 13 days on all kinds of life support and conscious for much of this time, and paralyzed and unable to speak to me due to the intubation or trach tube- he is in a better place now and not suffering anymore, and yet he isnt really gone at all.    ",,I am a ci,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Ph.D,Univers,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1192,DEE,1518,31,,F,"I was sleeping in my bed when I woke up in the middle of the night with a huge feeling of being filled with love in my heart for St. Michael the archangel. I felt like I was in love with him and it was strange because I never had felt that way before, but it was beautiful.    ",,Been a ci,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",Some,I worke,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1193,NDA,1307,40,,F,"I was asleep and was suddenly awaken by my fathers hand shaking my arm. He was telling me that he had to go. I begged him not to. He seemed angry and told me he had to. I woke with tears in my eyes. I thought it was a dream, but it seemed so real. I almost called his house, but it was 3:00 am. The next morning, I called to see if everything was alright, and my mother assured me that all was well. The following month, he died suddenly.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Real Es,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
1194,NDE,1344,23,,F,"After i was in the white space for what seemed a very long time i was suddenly sucked into a tunnel and the sides of it reminded me of the inside of an ocean wave. At the end of it there was an incredible bright light. I went to the light and i wanted to stay there. It was warm ,safe and nothing hurt.i never ever wanted to leave. Then i felt the voice say its not your time yet so i had to go crashing back.I was very sad to leave but my comforting thought was that at least i never ever have to doubt Gods presence because I know now he exists.    ",,Dual Citi,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,TA in g,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1195,ADC,1104,66,,F,"So, it was the end of the day with the sun sinking and I wanted to complete the painting which was not going well. I thought to take a break , see if on my return, the answer would be apparent. So I left the studio, walked across the deck and into my house. From the bedroom, I stepped into the long hall which leads to the kitchen and as I did so, I was shocked and awed to see my husband with outstretched arms, grinning from ear to ear and wearing cutoffs. He was striding toward me with great enthusiasm. I was just dumbstruck! He must have taken three steps toward me when I bent forward, covered my face with my hands and called out, Dana, Dana! When I looked up, he was gone.  I learned that we are eternal. That my husband was gifting me with comfort and consolation.    ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1196,DEE,1124,47,,M,"Testimony on God\xe2\x80\x99s Power As revealed to Conrad February 5, 2007, 6:25AM to 9:25AM Introduction My name is Conrad; I was born in the Philippines and was raised in a Roman Catholic family. I was an altar boy during my Catechism years. I\xe2\x80\x99ve read the bible twice from cover to cover when I was young and every time I get to the crucifixion part, I cried. Some parts of the bible I would easily understand, but I also got confused in others. As I grew up a verse from the bible kept playing in my mind. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know which part of the bible it came from but it went like this \xe2\x80\x9cSeek ye first the Kingdom of God \xe2\x80\xa6.\xe2\x80\x9d and that is what I did. I went about seeking the Kingdom of God, read many books of different titles and pretty soon I discovered the wonders of Science and how it can reasonably explain things that I didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand. The more science books I read the more convinced I was that things that were once mysterious can be scientifically explained and verified. I\xe2\x80\x99ve always believed in proving things undoubtedly before I believed it and accepted it. I only wanted to believe in known and proven facts.  And so I went through College and read even more books and gained more knowledge. I excelled in class but not good enough to have any honors because of my laziness and procrastination. You see, I would do well in exams, in fact I\xe2\x80\x99d be top in exams but not accomplish my homework or lab works so I also had grades that were just average. As my learning progressed I discovered that I didn\xe2\x80\x99t need God to have a life or to live my life. I believed this with conviction and even had a theory that men created God and not the other way around. I wrote a thesis on how during the early stages of evolution men might have created God because there were many things they didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand or were unable to explain. They attributed those things to an all knowing creator and consequently created a God. A friend of mine presented it as an English class project and almost got kicked out by the instructor. (That\xe2\x80\x99s how blasphemous it appeared but when you think deeper you can discern that men if left alone will instinctively seek God. We are the only creation that actively seek and try to understand our origins.) I went on with my life for years not believing or needing God until I got married to my wife Elisa in 1986 when we were both working in the Middle East. Our marriage did not give a child for almost five years. We went to see doctors and specialists in hospitals and clinics but we were unsuccessful. A surgery for me and standard medical procedures done for my wife did not result in conception. I desperately wanted a child and I would do anything to have one. I started wondering \xe2\x80\x9cAm I being punished for not believing in God?\xe2\x80\x9d Despite all these disappointments, we continued seeing fertility specialists. We also had Artificial Insemination in the United Arab Emirates and the Philippines. In December 1989, we went back to the Philippines for a much needed month long vacation. And one Sabbath day in January 1990, at the Manila Center (an SDA church in Manila, Philippines), a pastor from California was leading a service and he had a sermon about the earth being like a washing machine for dirty souls. He said \xe2\x80\x9cThe Earth is used by God to wash and clean souls to make them fit to go to heaven and live with God.\xe2\x80\x9d It opened my mind and I understood then why I needed God in my life. I wept and cried uncontrollably. It caught the Pastor\xe2\x80\x99s attention and I guess he pitied my poor soul so much that he gave me his Bible and even signed it. That night I prayed hard, a really sincere prayer to God and I asked Him to give me a child. \xe2\x80\x9cGod\xe2\x80\x9d I prayed \xe2\x80\x9cIf you are a real God, and really powerful God, give me a child and I will convert to the Seventh Day Adventist Church.\xe2\x80\x9d Back to the UAE on February 1990, my wife tested positive for pregnancy and in November 29, 1990, our daughter Ari was born. I thought about my promise to God and the implications of that promise. My parents and siblings, my Catholic friends would hate me I thought, I would miss food that I grew accustomed to eating. I cringed at these possibilities and so I kept living my life the way I wanted and I justified my actions with some semi-scientific reasoning to deny God\xe2\x80\x99s blessing of a daughter for my wife and me. Fast forward to 2007, we have since moved to the US, we\xe2\x80\x99ve lived in Boca Raton, Florida, New Orleans, LA and presently, The Woodlands, TX. I have long stopped attending regular church services but I have reluctantly attended worship services at the SDA church. I have to be dragged out of the",,Naturaliz,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Compute,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1197,DEE,1351,51,,M,See description above. The woman was like a stream of light in bright colour. I observed her very closely and can remember her vividly. I heard nothing. I felt terrified. What I learned was there is a state of consciousness between the waking state and the sleep state (dream state to me is sleep state). It was much more real than a dream. In fact it seemed completely real.    ,,New Zeala,"251,00",atheist,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Real Es,,divor,single,Unc,very little,All distressing,adult
1198,ME ,1242,40,,M,see #8 above. It is easier to verbally describe than to type you a message.    ,,citizen U,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,    Q.,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1199,ADC,1079,58,,M,"My wife of 35 years passed away unexpectedly in her sleep 8-5-11. 28 days after she left as I was laying in bed reading the bible, I turned out the light and heard her voice tell me she loved me and said I hope you fell better. I then felt a great rush of pure joy and love rush through my body. I was not completely asleep because I looked at the clock when I turned out the light and I looked also after she spoke to me and no time had passed.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,self em,,widow,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1200,NDA,1461,14,,F,"I had an experience of feeling like I was suspended in nothing-ness. I had noe desire or need to breath . My experience was of feeling extremely peaceful and happy. My awareness was of being in a place like the night sky. It was very dark but there were twinkling lights like stars. I could hear beautiful harp like music.There was a presence there I felt was God. I spoke to God but not in words, just thoughts.I had no concern for myself, I was perfectly ok but I distinctly remember saying, Please God dont do this to my mother. She wont cope. She has just lost her mother. I then remember being pulled out of the water.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,High sc,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1201,NDA,1339,36,,F,    ,,Australia,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,littl,"0 24,999",High,Home ma,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1202,ME ,1555,15,,F,"See previous question. Rather than a visual, it was a presence, and understanding, an overwhelming felling of love that goes beyond words. Gods voice was a thought, a feeling in my soul, a oneness but a separateness.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Stay at,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1203,ADC,1402,29,,F,"At the time, I described it as the most real and vivid dream I have ever had. In the dream, my deceased grandfather was communicating with me. He had passed away approximately ten years earlier and I had always said that I couldnt believe how much I missed him, even so many years after his death. This was my first loss and I took his death very hard because he had always been my father figure- my birth father had never been around (and died when I was 5), AND my relationship with my adoptive father was not close at all. Some specific details of the dream were not clear such as where we were or in what capacity my grandfather came to me, but I do remember that in the dream, I was very aware that it was impossible (in my understanding) for him to be there, communicating with me. My response in the dream was basically, How can this be, you are dead? I dont believe he said much to me, but I was so excited to have this time with him and I remember wanting to introduce him to my life since his death. I had no kids when he died and I wasnt married although I was dating my now husband. So, in the dream, I was feverishly trying to catch him up on all the events of my life...getting married, having two beautiful kids, going to university to become a teacher. I wanted him to be proud of me and I wanted so desperately to keep him around and involved in my life.  When I woke up, I truly felt that I had really lived this dream...a feeling I had never had with a dream and I remember wanting to cry because it was so real and vivid and now that I was awake, I couldnt get it back.  This has never happened again, and I always wondered if it was more than a dream.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"50,000 99",some,Stay at,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1204,DEE,1297,67,,F,"Hank, my husband, and I were getting ready to move on December 10, 2012 from Ossining, New York to Milford, Connecticut. Most of the house was already packed up. I had gone through the whole coat closet downstairs by the front door, throwing stuff out and organizing what I wanted to pack up at that time or wait until moving day. There was a small shelf above the coat hangar bar that I looked over while standing on a stool to see what was up there and what needed to be thrown out. There were mostly gloves and hats which I kept there in case we needed them. We had just arrived home at night from eating out Thanksgiving Dinner on November 22, 2012. Hank hung up his coat first in the lit up coat closet. Then I took out a hangar, hung my coat on it and, while looking toward Hank and talking to him, I went to hang up my coat without looking at the bar or what I was doing because I knew that closet so well, after living in this house for 22 years. I had trouble getting the hangar hook to go over the bar. I tried and tried but the hook wouldnt go on the bar. It kept getting stuck on something. So I looked at the bar and saw there was a chain of some kind hanging down from the shelf above. There was a sliver of an opening between the slats of the wooden shelf and a chain had made its way through the opening and hung down in a loop, the narrow opening of which happened to be facing the tip of the hangar. So when I aimed, without looking, the tip of the hangar to go on the bar, it went through the narrow loop instead and got stuck there. I looked at the chain. I couldnt understand where this chain came from. I knew everything that was on the shelf and there was no chain. I pulled on the chain. It came down through the slat opening and a medallion of some kind followed it. I looked at this medallion with its long neck chain in the palm of my hand and just stared at it. I couldnt believe my eyes. That was my medallion and my chain that I had mysteriously lost 5 years previous. I had this piece of jewelry custom made for me, based on the image that I had seen when I was 29 years of age of a glow and cross. The medallion was a white Mother of Pearl flat, round disk (glow) with a MOP cross affixed onto the disk. When I received this gift to myself from the jeweler, I loved it and wore it every single day for about a year. One night Hank and I were going to a special place and I wanted to wear a special necklace that would conflict with the medallion and chain, so I took it off and probably placed it on my dresser in the bedroom, as I was planning to wear it again the next day. I either placed it on the top of my dresser or put it into my jewelry drawer in the dresser. The next day when I awoke, I looked for the medallion to put it on again and I couldnt find it. I looked on the dresser top, in all the drawers, on the floor around the dresser, in our bedroom, in the bathrooms and in all the rooms of my home, but Hank and I couldnt find it. It was missing for about 5 years and during those years, I kept on looking all over my house for the medallion, but with no luck. Then I thought that God was mad at me for taking it off, so It took it away. So, 5 years later, God had miraculously given back to me my medallion in such an incredible way. I showed it to Hank in disbelief. He was amazed how that medallion came back to me, and 5 years later! Then I told Hank that I had a bad thought, that It gave it back to me because something bad or hard was going to happen during or after our move and I would need this medallion that I loved so much and which connected me to God and Its serenity. Ive been wearing the medallion every day since and will wear it every single day always, even if it doesnt go with a fancy outfit. Our move was hard but Hank and I survived it and are doing well. Although we have to move again in a year and dont know where we will live, though we want to stay in Milford.       ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1205,ADC,1316,27,,F,"I felt a presence in the room and looked to my left, my grandfather was standing in is grey work uniform, he was completely solid in appearance and looked like he always had. He smiled at me and then shifted his gaze to my boys on the floor, smiled and was gone.    ",,United St,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Medical,,marri,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1206,DEE,1520,49,,M,"I had recently stopped drinking alcohol after 29 years of habitual and heavy drinking. My partner at the time was engaged in guided meditation and spiritual connection and growth. She convinced me to look to meditation and I discovered that I could use the pendulum quite successfully. I began to work very hard at the spiritual connection that I was forming. After a period of time i was able to hear messages and feel spiritual presence.I was shown the different spheres and told of the existence of other worlds and other dimensions. I had come to a point in my life where change was necessary. God had played a major part in my life until age 13....I felt divorced from him at age 49 and quite spiritually, emotionally and physically lost. In these early days of my transformation i was meditating and the room was flooded with a beautiful golden light. I felt myself being lifted from the chair....tears streamed down my face and the overwhelming message was to love God. From this point I began to understand that love was the key to change albeit with a great deal of hard personal work.    ",,I am an A,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Student,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1207,ME ,1496,28,,M,"In the dream, I was sitting looking into a room through a scrim of some sort so I could see but not be seen. Next to me was my wife at the time. Everything was suffused with a gold light and in the room ahead I could see a body lying on a bier. My wife said, Look, youre dead. I said, No, Im just sleeping. There seemed to be no contradiction at the time to being the observer of my body in the other room. She said, Look at the people. Indeed, there were people walking by the bier and I could see by their faces they were there paying their last respects. It struck me then that I had indeed died. I was almost immediately filled with enormous pain, sorrow and regret. I had all kinds of things I still planned to do. If I were to die there were people I wanted to say goodbye to but the time had passed. I could not go back or speak to any of the people in the other room in any way they could understand. The pain and regret lasted perhaps 20 minutes (in dream time) and my companion waited patiently until I was ready to move on. During those 20 minutes all the prior things that had seemed so important just faded away. I was now on a new and different journey where nothing of my previous life was important or relevant any more. I was not ready to move on, but I awoke with all Id seen. The dream is still vivid and relevant to me.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,mechani,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1208,DEE,1124,47,,M,"Testimony on God\xe2\x80\x99s Power As revealed to Conrad February 5, 2007, 6:25AM to 9:25AM Introduction My name is Conrad; I was born in the Philippines and was raised in a Roman Catholic family. I was an altar boy during my Catechism years. I\xe2\x80\x99ve read the bible twice from cover to cover when I was young and every time I get to the crucifixion part, I cried. Some parts of the bible I would easily understand, but I also got confused in others. As I grew up a verse from the bible kept playing in my mind. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know which part of the bible it came from but it went like this \xe2\x80\x9cSeek ye first the Kingdom of God \xe2\x80\xa6.\xe2\x80\x9d and that is what I did. I went about seeking the Kingdom of God, read many books of different titles and pretty soon I discovered the wonders of Science and how it can reasonably explain things that I didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand. The more science books I read the more convinced I was that things that were once mysterious can be scientifically explained and verified. I\xe2\x80\x99ve always believed in proving things undoubtedly before I believed it and accepted it. I only wanted to believe in known and proven facts.  And so I went through College and read even more books and gained more knowledge. I excelled in class but not good enough to have any honors because of my laziness and procrastination. You see, I would do well in exams, in fact I\xe2\x80\x99d be top in exams but not accomplish my homework or lab works so I also had grades that were just average. As my learning progressed I discovered that I didn\xe2\x80\x99t need God to have a life or to live my life. I believed this with conviction and even had a theory that men created God and not the other way around. I wrote a thesis on how during the early stages of evolution men might have created God because there were many things they didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand or were unable to explain. They attributed those things to an all knowing creator and consequently created a God. A friend of mine presented it as an English class project and almost got kicked out by the instructor. (That\xe2\x80\x99s how blasphemous it appeared but when you think deeper you can discern that men if left alone will instinctively seek God. We are the only creation that actively seek and try to understand our origins.) I went on with my life for years not believing or needing God until I got married to my wife Elisa in 1986 when we were both working in the Middle East. Our marriage did not give a child for almost five years. We went to see doctors and specialists in hospitals and clinics but we were unsuccessful. A surgery for me and standard medical procedures done for my wife did not result in conception. I desperately wanted a child and I would do anything to have one. I started wondering \xe2\x80\x9cAm I being punished for not believing in God?\xe2\x80\x9d Despite all these disappointments, we continued seeing fertility specialists. We also had Artificial Insemination in the United Arab Emirates and the Philippines. In December 1989, we went back to the Philippines for a much needed month long vacation. And one Sabbath day in January 1990, at the Manila Center (an SDA church in Manila, Philippines), a pastor from California was leading a service and he had a sermon about the earth being like a washing machine for dirty souls. He said \xe2\x80\x9cThe Earth is used by God to wash and clean souls to make them fit to go to heaven and live with God.\xe2\x80\x9d It opened my mind and I understood then why I needed God in my life. I wept and cried uncontrollably. It caught the Pastor\xe2\x80\x99s attention and I guess he pitied my poor soul so much that he gave me his Bible and even signed it. That night I prayed hard, a really sincere prayer to God and I asked Him to give me a child. \xe2\x80\x9cGod\xe2\x80\x9d I prayed \xe2\x80\x9cIf you are a real God, and really powerful God, give me a child and I will convert to the Seventh Day Adventist Church.\xe2\x80\x9d Back to the UAE on February 1990, my wife tested positive for pregnancy and in November 29, 1990, our daughter Ari was born. I thought about my promise to God and the implications of that promise. My parents and siblings, my Catholic friends would hate me I thought, I would miss food that I grew accustomed to eating. I cringed at these possibilities and so I kept living my life the way I wanted and I justified my actions with some semi-scientific reasoning to deny God\xe2\x80\x99s blessing of a daughter for my wife and me. Fast forward to 2007, we have since moved to the US, we\xe2\x80\x99ve lived in Boca Raton, Florida, New Orleans, LA and presently, The Woodlands, TX. I have long stopped attending regular church services but I have reluctantly attended worship services at the SDA church. I have to be dragged out of the",,Naturaliz,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Compute,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1209,ME ,1551,25,,M,I explained everything in detail in the previous section.    ,,Iranian n,"100,00",atheist,spiritual,Muslim,Muslim,,,weekly,never,moder,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1210,ME ,1555,15,,F,"See previous question. Rather than a visual, it was a presence, and understanding, an overwhelming felling of love that goes beyond words. Gods voice was a thought, a feeling in my soul, a oneness but a separateness.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Stay at,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1211,ME ,1312,17,,M,"I found the mix of the music and the painting realy amazing. Suddenly, I had a flash : all the universe unfold before my eyes, and it seemed as if i understood clearly and deeply all the meaning of life and the purpose of everything. I saw galaxies floating in the whole universe, travelled through lights of incedible intelligence, received answers to a lot of unasked questions, as if i entered a huge multidimensional universe. This epiphany last less than 5 minutes, but i stood hang up for a few month after then. It is still very clear in my mind, and was the start of a quest that is still going on.    ",,?    Q.,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1212,NDE,1324,42,,F,"While unconscious, I was in a greyish muddy area and I was looking out over a lake or a pond or a sea of this greyish muddy stuff and there were these peoples heads bobbing out of the mud. I didnt recognize anyone as they were covered with this muck. It was very unnerving.    ",,citizen o,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,nurse,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
1213,ME ,1219,5,,M,"A small room in the basement of my parents friends house in the suburbs of LaPorte, IN. My parents friends 5 year old son went downstairs to the basement to play and I followed him. He went into a small room and I followed him. The rights side of the room was filled with clouds or dense fog with bright beaming lights. My friend then went into the fog and disappeared. He told me he would be right back. I tried to follow him but was held back by an invisible force. I heard animal sounds, like horses an elephants. I waited basically frozen, then he reappeared and walked out of the clouds and we exited the room.    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,moder,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1214,ME ,1560,38,,F,"So what does a person who has been through such an experience do \xe2\x80\x98after\xe2\x80\x99, in this material world that was seen to be non-existent? Well, one waits. One observes. One notices and surrenders those attachments and aversions as they arise \xe2\x80\x93 because it is those attachments and aversions that keep consciousness located in a body. One learns to sit through the seemingly tough bits without labeling, without \xe2\x80\x9cmaking\xe2\x80\x9d the energy into \xe2\x80\x9cthings\xe2\x80\x9d until the discomfort dissipates of its own accord. And when one is truly ready to go through \xe2\x80\x9cthe final doorway\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x93 it would seem that one simply agrees, and lets go.    ",,Canadian,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Writer,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1215,DEE,1028,19,,F,"I was visiting a Bahai temple that was completely white without adornment. I approached what appeared to be a window but when I stood in front of the window of the temple which was very large and arched and without glass or panes, the space beyond the window was a turquoise blue light that radiated life, energy, and unconditional love. I was so transfixed by the experience that I could not move. The communication about the love was powerful and washed over me like a torrent. I was reduced to nothingness...I understood that my decision to become a Bahai was part of the reason I was having this expereince. Gradually the light faded away and I was brought back to the physical reality of the temple and the presence of my mother. She was remarking on the beauty of the archictecture of the building and I understood that she would not likely be able to experience what I had just experienced. I have been a Bahai now for 23 years and this fact has been consistent.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,religious,religious,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1216,ADC,1433,22,,F,"I dreamed I went into an art-house movie theater that I liked. I walked down the aisle to sit down, found a seat, and looked over to see my father sitting next to me. I could see every line and detail on his face, so I knew it was him. I was speechless, and excited, and tried to think of something to say. I kind of stammered, did you want to meet my fiance? He said, No I just want to be with you. I felt such peace knowing that he loved me after all.    ",,born citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,working,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1217,ADC,1013,32,,F,"From this experience, I learned that death is not something to fear, that we might even be released from our earthly difficulties to enter into a place of bliss. I learned that I was deeply loved by my grandmother even if on the earthly realm she was unable to express this.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Massage,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1218,ADC,1134,33,,F,I did so on question 3.    ,,USA citiz,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio,housewi,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1219,DEE,1358,19,,M,In my first reported STE I report that I asked God for help regarding what action I should take next relating to my stand against the war I Viet Nam. This STE brings the Voices reply full circle. Together we have concluded the military experience and launched into a life altering relationship that could be very helpful to me in bringing greater peace to our world. I felt this Voice thing had great possibilities and was well worth further exploration. I still feel that way.    ,,US citize,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1220,ADC,1084,60,,F,"My beautiful dog, whom I was very attached to, passed away one month ago to the day. She died Nov. 6, 2012. Since her passing, I have had several experiences of her presence, however, the one I had this morning was startling. I had awakened around 5:15 a.m. and was laying on the living room sofa. I was in a state of light reverie and prayer, conscious of a warm presence around me. Suddenly, I heard something from my other dogs (still living) kennel cab. I got down on the floor to look into the kennel and saw my deceased dog sitting upright alongside the living dog. I called her name and she came closer and I picked her up. She had not only body weight but I felt her warmth. I said, This is a miracle. I held her for what seemed an eternity. Then suddenly, I found myself back on the sofa and startled. The experience was over. I was not a dream, as I know that I have never experienced the feeling of weight and warmth from holding anything in any dream state. It was quite surreal.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1221,ADC,1225,21,,M,My mother had passed away from long bout with cancer. The relatives gathered for the funeral and some stayed at our house. I gave up my bed and slept alone in the living room on a couch.  Sometime early in the morning I was awakened by someone hugging me tightly and the overwhelming thought YOU ARE LOVED was transferred to me. It woke me from a deep sleep and scared me as no one was present. I felt as though it was my mother although I did not see an image nor did she identify herself.   I thought that this was significant as these are the exact words from Dr. Alexanders book.     ,,Citizen b,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1222,ME ,1430,20,,F,see above    ,,Australia,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,moder,"100,000+",some,I wasnt,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1223,DEE,1484,12,,M,Explained in question 8    ,,American,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Weilder,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1224,ME ,1504,45,,M," I was thinking over and over .  So, all I have to do is ask for help and you will help? After thinking about this for a few minutes . .. What happened is hard to explain . All I know is that I had closed my eyes and when I opened them all of the insanity was gone. The anger ,hatred for others ,resentment etc was completely gone. Everything I saw was somehow brighter and beautiful. Including the rusty mail box I was parked next to.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",High,Letter,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1225,DEE,1503,42,,M,I had decided to do the plant based medicine Ibogaine HCL from Africa at my home with two friends present who were helpers and care givers if required. After taking Ibogaine 18.5 milligrams I began to feel dizzy and went and laid in my bed. Lights were off and all windows were darkened. I was semi sat up in bed with eyes wide open the whole experience. Post two hrs I began seeing light of all colours pour through my ceiling and into my room. I felt at the last point my body being raised and a sense of lightness. About 30 mins after all color had stopped flowing into my room where everything became kinda pixelated. I could see energy like dust particles clearly and then I could see masses of energy which quickly became vivid people in spirit. I could continue to see spirits seven in all and spiders and a big bull frog up until dusk. This the ibogaine wore off and everyone slowly disappeared again. It was miraculous.    ,,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,week,moder,very st,"50,000 99",High,Retired,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1226,ME ,1427,61,,F,I felt at peace and thought that it was nice that Jesus was with me. I never thought that I wouldnt be ok.    ,,us    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,teacher,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1227,ME ,1479,29,,M,"The exact events went like this: I had a thought, revelation or ephany come into my mind that God was real and he wanted to communicate with me. I thought that the source or origin of such a thought was strange so I thought of the perfect plan to prove myself wrong. I thought that I will ask it three questions that I truly do not know the answer to. I have literally always wanted to know these three questions since I was old enough to think deeply from my teenage years. God then answered them in the exact sequence and in such loving perfection that I now knew that God was indeed real and communicating with me.    ",,American,1 mill,atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio,Sales a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1228,ADC,1328,56,,F,"I was stunned when I saw the candle. I had never thought about the sun being a candle on someones birthday cake before this. An unburned candle in the middle of a beach in September was highly unusual. In fact, the candle was an exact match to the candles I had at home that fit a tiny brass holder and held the exact same candles that Alan and I had received a few years before at Christmas midnight mass. That size and shape candle is hard to find. The one I had at home was broken and I had looked to replace it for quite some time and never found one to match. I was speechless. I picked up the candle and tears of joy came to my eyes. In fact, that day I was having Alans mother over for lunch, as it was the first time we were experiencing his birthday since he died. She was also speechless when I told her the story. We burned the candle together while we had lunch.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Real Es,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1229,NDE,1215,20,,F,"Instantly the pain stopped and I found myself in the most beautiful place, no shape, no form, every thing was rose colored and the music that I heard was indescribably beautiful. I felt no pain only the deepest of peace, no other forms or persons, just the color pink totally surrounding me and holding me. But I coudnt stay there and the next thing I knew I was back in the delivery room and the first thing I heard was my sons healthy cry.  I learned that God had a special purpose for my life or He never would have brought me back into this painfilled world. But I now had 2 little children who needed me to be their mother and I have been that for the past 52 years amongst a whole lot of other roles.    ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Housewi,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1230,NDE,1388,54,,M,"Bam!  That had to be a plane, I thought to myself. Nothing else could possibly be moving that fast. The force of the impact had snapped the drivers seat off and I felt the car being catapulted forward. That in itself was alarming.  I had been traveling north on I-75 just north of Atlanta, GA and had just been readying to exit the North Marietta Loop traveling at about 60 mph when the impact from behind had occurred. Just a couple minutes prior I had seen some jets taking off from Dobbins Air Base. It wasnt a plane that hit me though. It was an uninsured 19 yr old driving an unregistered vehicle. Witness reports put his speed at over a 100 mph as he wove in and out of traffic coming up I-75.  The impact caused the back end of my car to jerk out to the right. The wheels on my Toyata Corolla seemed to grab the road surface. I could feel the car begin to turn over. I knew how fast I was going. I knew the car would be turning over and over in a wild tumble. It was without a doubt one of those entire life in a flash moments. There wasnt a lot of time for any lengthy reminiscing though.  Just two thoughts went through my mind. The first was a pondering why Divine Spirit had chosen this time for me. Wow, I really thought Ive learned a lot in this life. Im just at the point in life where I might be able to offer others something worthwhile. Why now?  The second thought was expressed in a spirit of surrendering, God, I really only have one request. Id really like to take all that Ive learned with me to my next life. Please dont require me to learn everything all over again. Reincarnation is something that Im completely familiar and comfortable with.  The car began to flip over. I could hear the metal shearing and the glass shattering all around me. I felt the tumbling effect. I felt like I was inside a long tunnel like whirlpool. In the center of that incredibly fast spinning darkness I saw a bright white light, warm like the sun, very quiet and very serene.  Total silence.  I opened my eyes. Cool, I thought. I made it through this and Im not even hurt! No pain at all!  Then I tried to move. Not so much as a finger responded. I was lying face down, head in the back seat, my feet somewhere up around the area of the steering wheel. A thumb was pressing hard against my nose and lip. I could see that it appeared, by its relative positioning, to be the thumb from my left hand, but it was my right thumb. I could also see that my right arm bent in an awkward position under my throat. God, Im glad Im paralyzed because that would really hurt if I could feel it, I said to myself.  Totally paralyzed, I thought to myself. Quadriplegic. I will be a burden on everyone for the rest of my life.  I then concluded that because I was unable to feel any pain, that I probably had serious internal injuries as well. I would die here, but at least I would die without pain. I thanked Divine Spirit for that blessing.  I could literally feel myself, as Spirit, sinking slowly down and out of my body. It was a deeply sickening feeling. Then I heart a tapping sound. Are you all right? a womans trembling voice asked.  Im paralyzed. Call the police, call the ambulance. I said. At least I could talk, I thought to myself.  That started a flurry of activity. Over the next half hour, I heard sirens, people yelling and screaming, and the unmistakable sound of a helicopter. All the while I laid face down, head in the back seat, not moving. All the doors were jammed. The parameds were frantically trying to reach me and couldnt. They kept saying, Stay with us now, stay with us. They ended up cutting off the entire roof of the car and very carefully they lifted me out. I was placed on a stretcher, moved to level ground, and was immediately given an IV.  At least 5 or 6 medical personal surrounded me. The one directly above my face said to me, Mr., youre going to be all right. Then a womans voice said, Mr., have you made arrangements for organ transplants?  Yeah, I said. Its on my drivers license. I could see the guy directly above me stare down the lady who said it.  Then another voice spoke up. Mr, do you have a living will?  No, I said. I looked up at the guy above me and said, Im in it pretty deep, huh?  He smiled down at me and said Id be fine. Yeah, right, I thought to myself.  They strapped me in the lifeflight helicopter. Off I went to the Atlanta Medical Center Spinal Trauma Unit, the best such facility for hundreds of miles in all directions. Upon arriving I was placed in the operating room recovery room. Apparently there was more room there for all the medical personnel to gather round me.  After being taken for CAT Scans and an MRI I was returned to the recovery room. After the initial blur of activity, another seriously injured person was brought into the room. She was obviously near death. The doctors",,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1231,DEE,1300,23,,M,"My fathers office was divided into two spaces--a 2nd floor front office where he worked (with large windows overlooking the street below and surrounded by several multi-story apartment buildings), and the back office--a large bright kitchen/lounge area (illuminated by skylights)--connected to the front via a private 20 foot corridor. As soon as I arrived and handed my father the story, I felt that same strange feeling in my heart like I had felt a year earlier--the feeling that compelled me to pray. Not wishing a repeat of what happened a year earlier (see my other DEE entry)--I excused myself, telling my father I would wait in the back lounge while he read. My father wasnt spiritual or religious, and I was embarrassed that I suddenly felt a strange urge to pray. I entered the back lounge, and shut the door. I then got down on my knees and bowed y head to the floor for the first time in my life. And I suddenly started to weep. Like, uncontrollably sob. And words came out of my mouth that werent words from conscious intention. I was baffled to hear myself speaking the words. Why are we so bad? Why are we so bad? You have to understand,I didnt have a bad bone in my body. I was kind, and sensitive, and yet, these words were flowing from my mouth. And I felt such deep deep shame. Moments later, however, I felt a hand press down on the small of my back. I tried to left my head up to see who was there, but like my hands suck together in the previous DEE, this time my whole body was stuck to the floor. Quite literally, I was pinned there and couldnt move. Before I had a chance to be afraid, however, I suddenly felt two firm hands grasp my head, lift it off the floor, and turn it to the right. And there, beside me, was a fully manifested Celestial Being, kneeling on the floor beside me and looking compassionately into my eyes. As I previously wrote, my family wasnt religious, and I had no knowledge of religion at all. However, I immediately knew this Celestial Being was Jesus like I had known him my whole life. He was bearded, and wearing simple robes. (I no longer remember the color of the robes or the color of his eyes--I was too astonished that he was there in the room with me.) His eyes were mesmerizing--I was literally transfixed by his gaze. Where I had been sobbing moments earlier, and feeling deep shame, I suddenly felt the most incredible all-encompassing feeling of unconditional love. I wasnt scared. I was in bliss. And there wasnt anything I needed to ask. I felt as if I knew everything, as if I was everything, as if I was the Love itself. And a message was transmitted to me with this Love. You are loved. You are forgiven. You are respected. You are accepted. You are special and you are important. You are cared for, and everything is perfect. All of this transpired in a matter of seconds, and then Jesus bowed his head to the floor and prayed. And the hands that had moved my head to see Jesus, turned my head back to the floor, and continued to hold me there. The next thing I remember, my father opened the door and asked me if I was okay. No, I said. Im pinned to the floor. Please call Mom. While my father went back to the front office (there was no phone in the lounge), my experience suddenly changed dramatically. I was suddenly hearing sounds that were loud and clear and very real, but very distressing. The sounds were of emergency sirens, gunfire, and women shrieking in terror. At the same time, in my minds eye, I could see the major urban intersection near my fathers office with windows all blown out, burned out shells of cars in the street, and snipers scurrying in the shadows. I thought I was being shown a vision of the end of the world, but when I asked if that is what this was, there were no answers. Moments later, my father returned, and I found that I was able to get up off the floor. My mother was on the phone and wanted to speak with me, so I headed to the front office. However, as soon as I walked into the office and saw the large picture windows, I was immediately stricken with the most intense paranoia. I collapsed to the floor, certain that I was going to get shot by a sniper (probably connected to the frightening vision I had moments earlier). Long story not as long, this paranoia lasted another half hour or so during which time my father managed to get me into his car and drive me to his house (my old family house where the previously reported DEE took place). Once I got home, and was under the care of my mother, the paranoia dissipated. However, it transformed into a mania that lasted for another 40 hours or so, during which time I believed I knew everything about everything, wrote many things about God and life, and couldnt sleep. Finally, after about 40 hours, I crashed and slept for 16 hours. When I woke up, I was back to my normal self agai",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",some,Freelan,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1232,ADC,1326,49,,M,"Just finished Proof of Heaven last night following the book and movie of Nosso Lar. This has been a life changing two weeks for me. Fifteen years ago, while meditating one afternoon on my office couch, I felt two hands roll me 45 degrees from my back to my side. Suffered from chronic back pain as a result of an athletic injury at the age of thirty. Startled, yet at peace, looked up to see the deceased form of one of my fathers closest friends, a small town surgeon. Dr. Pauls hands went to the small of my back while simultaneously radiating incredible warmth and energy into the damaged lumbar area. I clearly proclaimed, I miss you Dr. Paul. He smiled, and after standing there for what seemed an eternity, drew his hands from my back, stepped away slowly and faded before my eyes. I immediately arose and went to my desk. For two hours I sat motionless while I recounted vivid memories of the man who had helped a boy whose father was killed when I was eight years old. Not until I stood up, did I realize that my back pain was completely gone, and had no idea that I would be pain free for the next ten years. I shall never forget Dr. Paul Myers.    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Busines,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1233,ADC,1384,62,,F,"It was actually a communication with my dad who had passed a month earlier. He had alzheimers and was living a nightmare existence...feeling like he was in a house with strangers, and my mom, who was depressed and angry had no patience with him. I prayed that God would take him, and within a week he was dead. This was an ernest, heartfelt prayer.  I saw him in a dream, even though it seemed more real than a dream. I was suddenly in this beautiful place, like a picnic area. My dad was sitting with his back to me...looking like he did just before he died. I even noticed the curve in his spine that was so prominent due to age scoleosis. Suddenly, he got up, turned and he was around 30..incredibly young and handsome. I was taken back at his beautiful clear blue eyes, and his perfect skin.  He asked me how things were before he left. I told him it was awful, and that he had alzheimers and things be so very difficult for him and mom. Suddenly, he bent over and fluffed the hair on the top of my head, like he did when I was a little girl, and said Dont worry, Hon, things will be alright. I will never forget this dream...    ",,Citizen,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Library,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1234,ADC,1196,58,,F,"I felt exhilarated to see her! I felt sad to leave her. I was aware of the joyousness of the space I was in. I felt it was a treat and for some reason, I was given this gift. I knew it was not a dream, but an experience. I didnt understand (and still dont know) how this could be, other than my spirit traveled to where she was. She did not come to me. I went to her. Ive had two visits from my deceased father and in those events, he came to me. This was different.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Busines,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1235,ME ,1320,24,,M,"Please see above. What I felt was similar to what Dr. Alexander wrote in his book, but I did not have to die to experience it. There was a sense of stillness too. I felt overwhelming love, peace, serenity, ecstatic bliss and an ever-growing expanse into everything and the all. I learned that God is love and everything is made up of God or love.    ",,American,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1236,NDE,1098,37,,F," I started drifting off and could only vaguely hear them now.  I found myself floating down a long tunnel. I looked all around and was aware of a soft and mesmerizing light at the end. I wanted to rush towards it but found it hard to move forward and could do so only by forcing myself forward half swimming, half walking. Then, I heard a distant faint voice cry out \xe2\x80\x9cSinus rhythm collapsing, we are losing her\xe2\x80\x9d but I felt completely disinterested in this. Who was being lost? I did not know who they were talking about and was annoyed at the interruption. Now I only had eyes for the wonderful glowing light at the end of the tunnel which seemed to hold promise of great warmth and love unending. I felt so joyful and excited and all awareness of my body on the bed left me as I tried for some time to reach the light. I knew absolutely that wonderful things were awaiting, if I could only get to the end of the tunnel. The light now loomed larger and I could see faint outlines of figures waiting there, beckoning me forwards. I wondered, \xe2\x80\x9cWho is waiting there, is it Sai Baba, angels or loved ones?\xe2\x80\x9d I tried harder and harder to reach the end of the tunnel.  Then, a very faint voice interrupted my travels with a tiny urgent \xe2\x80\x9cBaby on Board\xe2\x80\x9d and a pleading \xe2\x80\x9cBreathe! You must breathe\xe2\x80\x9d. (A nurse was apparently shouting loudly into my ear). This caught my attention. I stopped in the middle of the tunnel and wondered, \xe2\x80\x9cWho has a baby on board, who should be breathing?\xe2\x80\x9d And then thought \xe2\x80\x9cPerhaps it is me, perhaps I am pregnant, if I am, then I must go back\xe2\x80\x9d and I turned reluctantly around. It was so hard to leave that wonderful promise of all-encompassing Love and Joy waiting in the Light and those light filled beings waiting there. The return down the tunnel was brutally sudden. I came back to consciousness to experience total chaos, doctors were shouting and my whole body was in pain. I felt icy cold, but I could see I was indeed pregnant. My memories flooded back and I knew I had many children and others who needed me to hold on. I fought to come back and although the heart rhythm was still unstable, immediately went into labour. Serious faced heart specialists told me \xe2\x80\x9cYou can\xe2\x80\x99t have the baby yet, we will deliver in two weeks when your heart has settled down\xe2\x80\x9d. I did not argue, I could see their point, but I knew from my previous eight deliveries that this labour was not a trial run. So exhausted, I steeled myself for a long night. Whether it was the right time or not, this baby was on its way. I was informed later that day, that I had flat lined for some time and that had this episode happened at our house, some one hours drive from the nearest hospital, both William and I would have died. I reflected on that urgent message in the morning, no wonder I had to get to hospital that day. How strange the many delays that had led to the nurse colliding with the heart specialist! I realized that I had been somehow protected all the way through this crisis. I also felt enormous gratitude for the nurse who had shouted in my ear, because I realized that I had only turned back because of her prompting as all knowledge of my present life had been wiped out. At dawn the following morning with labour well advanced, a grim faced team of Heart specialists and surgeons gathered to deliver the baby. I was hooked to a bank of heart monitors, and had needles in my feet, arms and hands. The recalcitrant heart was still racing and wobbling around. Their ominous expressions told me that they didnt give much for our chances under anaesthetic.   Would you like to leave any messages? I was asked. None, I replied. My husband and children knew I loved them, I told them that every day. Since seeing the two little boys standing together on that planet four years earlier in the OOBE, I felt sure that William at least, would survive to be with his brother. As the anesthetic took hold, I felt totally at peace, after all I had come close to the Light and it was so wonderful, I had no fear of death left. William was delivered with only minor difficulties apparently unharmed by his pre-natal adventure in the Star Trek ship!      ",,NEW ZEALA,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,UNIVERS,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1237,ADC,1087,34,,F,I woke up at 5:30 am. My grandmother was standing at the foot of my bed. She had a light within her as if to glow. She wore a nighty as I had recalled seeing her wear in the past. Her face looked as i had remembered her as a healthy older person but before her decline into dementia that eventually reduced her to the size of a child. She was smiling and did not say a word. I was crying but felt peaceful at the same time. This is the greatest gift my grandmother ever gave me. It comforted me then and does even moreso as my life experience continues. I only share with those who I sense will understand and may be open to it.    ,,Canadian/,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Project,,separ,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1238,ADC,1390,45,,F,    ,,US citize,"25,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Account,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1239,ADC,1121,45,,M,"At 12:30 AM on a Wednesday I was awakened from sleep by encountering a being comprised of white light floating above me and moving toward me. Initially, I was afraid and mentally cringed. As it approached me I felt overwhelming love wash over and through me. It then continued on. Two days later, I was informed that my mother had died within the last few days but was not found until Friday. No one knew her time of death.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Pilot,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1240,DEE,1542,65,,M,"My STE is a Divine Entity Encounter, at least I think that is the closest description of it. I have reported this in my book; Jesus Who. I suspect it was the Spirit of God, but it could have been an angle.  Personal Story; A love tap of Understanding For several years, I could not accept that all the people in a couple of Old Testament cities were killed by Joshua\xe2\x80\x99s army. Joshua 11:11-12 What about the infants and young children? Why should they die a terrible death for the sins of their parents? I was thrown a curve by this story. How could God do such a terrible thing? This was not merciful. This was a big problem for me and remained so for years. These young children could have been taken into homes of decent people and they would have no knowledge of their biological parents or their old lifestyles. Then one day I was praying about this and I got something like a gentle slap on the head, an interruption of my consciousness from outside myself, likely from the Spirit of God; I clearly heard. \xe2\x80\x9cThe souls of the innocents were taken a moment before they died.\xe2\x80\x9d So when the sword hit, the children were in a persistent vegetative state in that God had already taken their souls to safety. What a relief! I was elated. Then about five seconds later, I thought; Hey, wait a minute. Did God really tell me that, or did I just make it up to ease my own distress? Straight away I got a second interruption and I clearly heard that voice again; \xe2\x80\x9cIf you did make it up, how much wiser and more merciful is your Father in Heaven.\xe2\x80\x9d Wow! It was definitely not my voice or my words. The old fashioned style is not the way I use words or language! Plus the fact that it came as an interruption to my thoughts (hey, pay attention). I am convinced that it was Divinely given personal information to help me get over this stumbling block. Most wonderful of all, notice that the communication was loving, not angry. I had just assumed, that God would be angry with me for being dumb, weak and sinful, because I was often angry with myself for those reasons. The improbable lovingness and civility of this communication kept me in a state of astonishment for several years and still causes breathlessness when I recall it to mind. How could the all powerful God love such a dumb, weak and sinful little man? Is that an improbable enough God for you? It sure is for me and I do have faith in Him. He\xe2\x80\x99s got you, He\xe2\x80\x99s got you and He\xe2\x80\x99s got your back. Don\xe2\x80\x99t worry about anything because all this earthly stuff, everything here, is ridiculously trivial to Him. I thank God for showing Himself to me as a loving father and I do feel very blessed for it. God is love and I suspect that humans have been programmed by God to love our children so that we, in our human pettiness, would have at least some experience of what love is. \xe2\x80\x9cAnyone who loves God must also love their brother and sister\xe2\x80\x9d. 1 John 4:21 So we are supposed to love one another, that means love everyone always. So just know that you too may reasonably expect that the one and only God will communicate with you about your Christian concerns and that it will come out of the clear blue sky and be a loving personal answer. He is the same loving God for all of us, even those people we don\xe2\x80\x99t care for. As improbable as it is, God loves us all. You will come to be as fond of your new Christian memories as you are of your actual childhood memories, because there is a mighty and loving Father helping you through a difficult and confusing adolescents. If you missed out on that from your biological father, you will find your Heavenly Father especially wonderful and loving. Really. God never said that the Bible is all there is to know. It is implied that the Bible is the minimum you should know and there may be certain things that He will communicate to help you personally if you ask Him. Waiting for God to answer is fairly short term, it is not the classic; Waiting For Godoe. God is for real.     ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1241,ME ,1413,62,,F,"In March of 2011, I had a dream. A tall black shadow of a man pointed his long finger at me and said, \xe2\x80\x9cRead the 8th Psalm.\xe2\x80\x9d I questioned him, \xe2\x80\x9cYou mean the 6th Psalm? I know that one.\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cNo\xe2\x80\x9d, he declared emphatically, \xe2\x80\x9cRead the 8th Psalm, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget.\xe2\x80\x9d Then he handed me the head of a woman very delicate, small, eyes closed, black hair, soft skin. He told me to write her name on her cheek with a black felt tip pen. Her cheek was still warm as I carefully wrote the name he gave me, Rita Girofalo.\xe2\x80\x9d   What I learned is in #43    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Jewelry,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
1242,ME ,1553,42,,M,It is described in full detail in my webpage that Google brings up in search for nirvikalpa samadhi journey    ,,Born in B,2001 2,agnostic,atheist,Unaffilia,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Underwa,,divor,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1243,ME ,1496,28,,M,"In the dream, I was sitting looking into a room through a scrim of some sort so I could see but not be seen. Next to me was my wife at the time. Everything was suffused with a gold light and in the room ahead I could see a body lying on a bier. My wife said, Look, youre dead. I said, No, Im just sleeping. There seemed to be no contradiction at the time to being the observer of my body in the other room. She said, Look at the people. Indeed, there were people walking by the bier and I could see by their faces they were there paying their last respects. It struck me then that I had indeed died. I was almost immediately filled with enormous pain, sorrow and regret. I had all kinds of things I still planned to do. If I were to die there were people I wanted to say goodbye to but the time had passed. I could not go back or speak to any of the people in the other room in any way they could understand. The pain and regret lasted perhaps 20 minutes (in dream time) and my companion waited patiently until I was ready to move on. During those 20 minutes all the prior things that had seemed so important just faded away. I was now on a new and different journey where nothing of my previous life was important or relevant any more. I was not ready to move on, but I awoke with all Id seen. The dream is still vivid and relevant to me.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,mechani,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1244,ADC,1246,60,,F,"Details are above, but I learned that my gut was right...there is a much larger picture and we just dont know about it...my favorite saying is that we just dont know it all....and wont until will die.    ",,United St,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,moder,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Real Es,,marri,widow,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1245,DEE,1515,4,,F,"I think I learned that the life i was living there, at that time, was not permanent. I developed ways to cope with my Moms constant anger etc. I somehow knew that i would find love and that my life would get better. It was very very difficult to survive and develop my own internal support system.    ",,citizen U,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I was a,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1246,ADC,1185,45,,F,"To continue, after I went back to sleep, I had a dream which I consider an after death communication as it was very powerful to me anyway. In my dream, the brother of my loved one who died in May 2012 came to me in my dream. The brother of my loved one is also deceased and he died in 2003. In the dream it was just my loved ones brother and me. In the dream, I asked him, Wheres Bob? The brother said, What you want is overwhelming for him. We just looked at each other for a moment after that. In the dream, I felt a little confused. But I reached to hug my loved ones brother and said, Hugging you is like hugging Bob. Then we hugged and after that he dissapeared and the dream was over.  After I woke up, I remembered the dream very clearly. But, just like I was confused in the dream, I was confused when I first woke up. I thought to myself, What does he mean that what I want is overwhelming for Bob? Then I remembered that I had asked for the sign in the form of a particular song. I was stunned.  It was like my loved one sent his brother to tell me he couldnt give me that particular sign because it was too overwhelming. And to this day, though I have received many signs from my loved one, I never have heard this song playing anywhere! I guess it really is overwhelming! Anyway, it was so amazing to get that kind of answer so quickly. I truly feel I was having 2 way communication with the spirit of my loved ones brother.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Researc,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1247,ADC,1418,52,,F,"I knew immediately that my son had done something almost unbelievable, but I continued to look for the shoe. I did not find it. I was overwhelmed and in fact got a camera and took a picture of the one shoe lying there. I didnt realize until later that the picture would serve no purpose, but I was thinking so at the time. I was very excited. I did not find the shoe until many months later. It was upstairs in the spare bedroom under a bed he slept on when visiting me. I rarely went in that room.    ",,Citizen o,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,US Gove,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1248,ME ,1551,25,,M,I explained everything in detail in the previous section.    ,,Iranian n,"100,00",atheist,spiritual,Muslim,Muslim,,,weekly,never,moder,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1249,ADC,1079,58,,M,"My wife of 35 years passed away unexpectedly in her sleep 8-5-11. 28 days after she left as I was laying in bed reading the bible, I turned out the light and heard her voice tell me she loved me and said I hope you fell better. I then felt a great rush of pure joy and love rush through my body. I was not completely asleep because I looked at the clock when I turned out the light and I looked also after she spoke to me and no time had passed.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,self em,,widow,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1250,ME ,1270,29,,F,"In 1974 I was 29 years of age. (I am now 67 years of age.) I was feeling pretty despondent at that time, having spent four years trying to make a living as a visual fine artist in Manhattan but not succeeding. Not knowing how else to support myself, I enlisted in the Army. But as the day of my enlistment grew near, I was becoming increasingly anxious and fearful. I was a free spirit and knew I would hate losing my freedom and someone else telling me what to do. But if I didnt go, I didnt know how else to take care of myself. I did not want to go back to secretarial work, not after I fell in love with art. I was stuck in a tight spot.  Three days before the big day, I was sitting on my hotel bed. I had given up my apartment in Little Italy and took a room for 3 months in a midtown Manhattan hotel. I was just staring out into my room, not knowing which way to turn. It was daytime. With the suddenness of a light switch just turned on, a brilliant white, round glow with a more brilliant Christian cross embedded in the middle of the glow appeared before my eyes. The vision was suspended in mid air. The glow and cross were about ten inches tall and sat about eight feet in front of me, a little lower than my eye level. The light that emanated from the glow was contained. There werent any rays coming from it. The whole cross fit totally within the glow. The cross was a plain, elegant cross with no detail. The ends of the narrow vertical and horizontal bars were cut straight across. (This vision was entirely visual. I didnt feel, smell or hear anything.) Although the glow and cross were as intensely bright as a flame, I stared easily into it. I wasnt afraid by its presence or doubted what was before my eyes. I never said to myself, What is this? or Why is a Christian cross coming to me? I\xe2\x80\x99m Jewish. Actually, my mind was blank, without any thoughts. But I was transfixed by this sight, spiritually locked into it. I was aware that the glow and cross were calming me down, making me feel peaceful and serene. I think I was staring at it for a short period of time, maybe 15 minutes.  I remember how the glow and cross came on but I dont remember how it went away. After staring at it, I think I put my head down on a pillow and went to sleep. But the strange thing is that when I awoke, not only wasnt the vision still there but I didnt even remember that I saw it. Actually, I didnt remember this event until 30 years later, when I was sitting in my car experiencing my epiphany, which I talked about in my February 23 submission to you. Looking back at that time, the glow and cross did not tell me if I should go into the Army or not. What this vision did was to calm me down, relax me and relieve me of a paralyzing anxiety which was keeping me from seeing clearly and making the right decision for myself. Relaxed and clear thinking, I made the easy decision to withdraw from my Army enlistment. I went to the Army base and explained how I felt. The female officer there agreed and gave me an honorable discharge.      ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Visual,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1251,ADC,1209,54,,F,"One night during my sleep, I had a short but very powerful dream. I could see my father walking on a treadmill and my mother, who is still alive, was there too. It seemed to be in their home, but all I could see was my father and mother. I looked at my mother and said, Is that dad? and she replied, yes it is. I walked over to him and he was dressed differently than normal. He had a funny looking sleeveless down jacket on. He was a man who liked to look nice and this jacket was just not him. He had this wonderful smile on his face and his being generated such great warmth. There were no words shared, but I could feel his love beyond measure for me. It was like our spirits were talking. The message was I love you and I must go now. That was the end of the dream.    ",,United St,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Revenue,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1252,DEE,1528,38,,M,"I was leaning in the doorway smoking. listening to music on my I pod. I was in a very sombre mood (feeling sorry for myself) I remember asking for help. There was a line in the song I was listening to about opening my eyes I suddenly began to notice my posture as slouched but I was being drawn up to standing straight, my shoulders were being drawn back and my head back. I just felt a huge power running through me, drawing me up (im quite tall but my head was now pressing against the upper doorframe) I felt strong for the first time in months , like I was being lifted up. my head was being tilted back and upward to the sky. I could see (or more accurately sense) eyes and a smile in the dark rain clouds in front of me. I can remember being aware (it was also in the song I was listening to) that I should open my eyes. All the while this was going on I had this huge energy holding me bolt upright urging me to look at the sky, I can remember feeling so peaceful yet so powerful at the same time. it felt like I was being lifted up. The face in the cloud faded and I literally fell to my knees in thanks (dropping my cigarette) I started to feel fear and this was instantly taken away by what I describe as a divine sense of humor, that told me not to worry about the cigarette getting wet and that it was funny that I had dropped it.(laughing with me not at me) I got up (after some time) and was just full of adrenaline I was shaking but happy.    ",,British N,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Dietiti,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1253,ME ,1294,61,,F,"During the summer of 2006, Hank and I were at an outdoor party at a swim club in Basking Ridge, New Jersey. We had met this group of people the year before, so they were new to us. It was a sunny day and I was talking to a very suntanned man everyone called Mike the Painter, to distinguish him, I suppose, from all the other Mikes. While I was talking to Mike, his whole face suddenly turned a deathly gray color. It happened in a snap, as if you turned on a light and boom! I guess it was shocking to see because my brain took a couple of seconds before I realized that his face had changed to gray. His face was gray for several seconds and then it snapped back to his normal tan color. I stood there staring at him. I dont remember what he was saying. I do not drink or do drugs. After that happened and in the next day or two, I remember thinking about Mikes face and wondering if it did indeed turn gray. I couldnt believe I saw his whole face a gray color. I tried to disbelieve this experience had happened to me. I tried to deny that his face had turned gray. But every time I tried to deny it, I kept affirming that I did indeed see that Mikes face instantly turned gray, stayed gray for several seconds, then instantly turned back to tan. Since Im a visual person and a visual artist, I couldnt deny that I saw his face was gray because my mind sort of takes a picture of it and, also, I was able to call it up in my memory and I would see it again, so I couldnt really deny the gray color. I ended up believing that this happened, even if I didnt understand why it happened or why I saw it. A day or two later I understood what I saw and why I saw it. Mike was a heavy smoker. He was usually smoking a cigarette whenever I saw him. I believed that God wanted me to warn Mike to stop smoking or hell pass at a young age. I waited a whole year before I got up the courage to tell Mike. I didnt want this new group of friends to think I was a religious zealot or crazy. So that summer I went up to Mike and told him what I saw and that I was meant to pass this warning to him. I apologized if he thought I was a zealot but Mike stopped me and said he was Catholic and believed that people see signs from God. He said he wasnt going to stop smoking and thanked me for telling him. I saw Mike every summer for a few years after that time and noticed that he was still smoking. Hank and I have since changed our summer plans so I dont expect to see Mike at that location again.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1254,ADC,1084,60,,F,"My beautiful dog, whom I was very attached to, passed away one month ago to the day. She died Nov. 6, 2012. Since her passing, I have had several experiences of her presence, however, the one I had this morning was startling. I had awakened around 5:15 a.m. and was laying on the living room sofa. I was in a state of light reverie and prayer, conscious of a warm presence around me. Suddenly, I heard something from my other dogs (still living) kennel cab. I got down on the floor to look into the kennel and saw my deceased dog sitting upright alongside the living dog. I called her name and she came closer and I picked her up. She had not only body weight but I felt her warmth. I said, This is a miracle. I held her for what seemed an eternity. Then suddenly, I found myself back on the sofa and startled. The experience was over. I was not a dream, as I know that I have never experienced the feeling of weight and warmth from holding anything in any dream state. It was quite surreal.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1255,DEE,1505,37,,M,"My wife was the one who was taking the pictures and one of them, maybe one of the last ones ( we were returning home because the night was approaching) suddenly shows this incredible light!! Really incredible! We se it right away through the camera screen. My wife right away called me to show it.    ",,Portugues,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,I breed,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1256,ADC,1492,29,,F,"At the time, I had been teaching at a certain elementary school for about a year. I didnt really know any other teachers, just kept to those in my grade level. I had a dream one night about a co-workers father. I didnt know this co-worker, barely knew her first name. I didnt even talk to her as we werent even in the same grade level. It was odd that I would randomly dream about her as she was just an acquaintance. In the dream, I entered a bedroom of what seemed to be an older home. I saw this co-workers father, sitting up in a twin sized bed which was up against the wall. He was very happy, smiling, motioned me to come near him. I noticed his hands were at his heart, as if showing me he was in pain or had been in pain. Then he told me that his heart did indeed hurt, but that he wanted me to tell his daughter that he loved her very much. He did this without actually speaking. It was nonverbal communication. Thats all I remember about the dream.    ",,citizen,"50,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,element,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1257,ME ,1440,21,,F,"Dear Dr. Alexander, Thank you so much for your book, Proof of Heaven. I have not had a NDE, but I experience a variety of connections with/in my own body. I thought I would share them with you so that you might be able to incorporate these ideas and implications into the knowledge you now possess. Mini-bio: I am 32 years old, lesbian, a former college athlete, white, middle-class/U.S., non-religious. When I was in my teens, I was inexplicably drawn to spiritual books for the greater part of 2-3 years, and then that continued into college (previously, I detested reading anything). There was no explanation for this; I detested organized religion as well. I read books by Brian Weiss Many Lives, Many Masters; Charles Tart (actually flew to California to see him speak); Gary Schwartz, among many others. I found myself reading anything and everything I could find on reincarnation, psychics, NDEs, mystical ideas and the like. As I read more, it seemed like the reading experience was such that the more I read, the deeper I went into things I already knew...and that is what kept me reading. In part, I also think that I connected this knowledge with a more sociological knowledge of the body/spirit, particularly by way of sexuality since I was also, simultaneously, coming into the awakening of my sexuality and the relationship between aesthetic experience and physical sensation. For me, there was this immediate connection between sexuality and spirituality. At any rate, I went on in college to major in psychology, sociology, and religion/philosophy. I was one of the very few students in school that defended the reality of psi phenomenon, having never literally not really experienced it myself up to that point. I read the stories and just knew they were real. As I read more, and defended the idea more and more, I began to experience more in the way of expanded consciousness. All of this started shortly after this 2-3 year stint of reading. My clairvoyance is somehow limited by time; I know things are going to happen and Im informed of them, but only about 10 minutes prior. I receive information/images in the waking state in the form of symbolic interactions i.e. ideas are communicated by the meaning my psyche will construct if I cogitate about what very material relations actually mean or feel like specifically to me i.e. the particular is what carries the universal intent of the message/the lesson. In your terminology, I think that is my bodys way of adapting to the inflow of messages that it knows are from the outside. Most often, it goes like this: I will be receiving information that I can feel is information coming through and I will pay very close attention to the content because I know it is not just my own random thoughts (i.e. I would probably be a good receiver in telepathic studies). I will then obsess about what I can make of the structural relations of that content in the very context of my theoretical/sociological categories/knowledge...because it seems to me that it is in figuring out that puzzle that explains why it is that Im receiving that message. Sometimes I can figure out who it needs to reach. I guess this ties in with the quotation on your website that all thoughts and actions are interconnected...and that is true at every level. Story 2: Although it may have nothing or everything do with me, the night I was on my bed studying, crying, and mourning my deceased cousin who died the night prior she came to visit me by staging a physical impossibility... because she knew that would register to me (Im also a very scientific mind I see the possible by way of the impossible. My family makes fun of me for always asking for percentages and probabilities in all aspects of life). :) Anyway, the night prior to this, I remember the light bulb above my bed blowing out I could hear the filament hit the glass of the bulb. Nonetheless, I had left the light switch up/circuit open. As I was sitting there crying the second night, thinking about Beth, and feeling guilty that we had not connected more the year before when she requested that, the light illuminated in a fashion akin to those lights that very gradually get brighter/lighter by touch. It lasted for about 10 seconds. It illuminated in a way that is not possible given the type of light it is; it wasnt on a dimmer switch. And the visual was as if a blast of energy had simply traveled through the space. I know to a degree of 100% that this light bulb had totally and completely blown out the night prior. I was sitting in the exact same place. I immediately knew it was her, and was immediately brought to tears, again. I verbally thanked her. The next day I took the light bulb to a philosophy professor of mine who was very familiar with modern physics. He was a materialist. I told him what happened, asked if there was s",,U.S. citi,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",maste,I didnt,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1258,DEE,1490,48,,F,"Then, I saw a door that opened very slightly. Through that gap of the door I saw the light, such bright wonderful light behind the door. The light spoke to me but did not use words. I wrapped me up in a feeling of love and acceptance. It told me without words that I should not fear, not be afraid, that I was loved and accepted and forgiven. I so much wanted to see more of that light, to see more, but the light told me without words that if the gap would just open more, it would be too much for a human being. It made me understand that we humans cannot grasp the full meaning of the light, not in our human condition, but that we would become ONE with the light when our time comes and there would be joy and love. So now know. I try to share that knowledge of love and joy and the fact that there is nothing to fear. But I cannot find the right words to transmit this immense feeling.    ",,German,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,avera,littl,"0 24,999",maste,High sc,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1259,ADC,1091,44,,F,"I saw my son, see above.     ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",Some,Insuran,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1260,NDE,1107,32,,M,"I was off-duty and walking with my girlfriend Susan along the beach. We observed 3 swimmers struggling in the surf approximately 100 yards from shore. I swam out and got the first two to safety. I then returned to the heavy surf for the third victim. I got to approximately 20 yards from shore when I was unable to go any further and rested with the victim on a small sandbar. The victim was then put in a rubber life raft when I was unexpectedly swept off the bar by the heavy surf. They were unable to rescue me and I submerged under the surf. Documented reports vary as to the length of time I was submerged but were consistent that I had drowned. While submerged, I have a distinct memory of seeing and hearing my father saying to grab my knees and ball up (NOTE: my father had been deceased for 10 years). I then woke up in an ambulance after being revived by paramedics who recounted that they spotted me on the surface balled-up and were able to retrieve my body from the surf and begin resuscitation.    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,religious,religious,Jewish,Christian,,,never,week,avera,very st,"0 24,999",docto,New Yor,,single,divor,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1261,ME ,1302,51,,F,"Sometime in 1996, I was sitting alone in my office in my home in the middle of writing my memoir novel. I was sitting in my chair, thinking at the time. Suddenly I saw a vision in my head that Im entitling Our Human Timeline of Existence. It was a horizontally long image running left to right in my head. There were no words, numbers or sounds, only images. At the left of this horizontal Timeline was the first image. That image was of an ape down on all fours and facing left. To the right of that ape and facing right was a second ape starting to stand up. To the right of that ape and facing right was the third ape, looking Neanderthal. To the right of that ape was a picture of a human being facing right. Then there was a little space. To the right of the space was the image of Leonardo da Vinci\xe2\x80\x99s Vitruvian Man. To the right of that was a very, very long empty area. At the right end of the Timeline, the last image, is a great gust of horizontal wind blurring out the whole right end of the Timeline. That was what I saw. There were no dates on this Timeline. I thought about that vision and why I was seeing it. According to the spacing of the images one to another on the left and then the very long empty space in the middle area and then the wind blur all the way on the right, the vision said to me that, according to where Vitruvian Man was standing in the Timeline, we humans are currently (the 20th Century) into about 20% of our survival, from our beginnings on Earth to our end. I couldnt see our end because that was where the horizontal wind blur was, which took up all the space on the right side. There were no dates, so I dont know how it would happen to us, when, or if it would even happen at all. What I do see is that we humans have many, many more millenniums of survival. I believe I saw this vision and I believe (kinda) in what it was telling me. I wasnt sure what I was supposed to do with this knowledge except to tell people. But since that was one of my first spiritual experiences, I was so new to God (but still an atheist), that I think I told one other person. I wasnt confident in what I saw and I didnt want people to think I was crazy. Im uploading a file of the picture I drew of this vision. I dont remember what day I actually saw it because I wasnt writing down my spiritual experiences yet. So I recorded my vision in this picture at a later time, June 19, 2006. Please note my address and all contact info has changed since then.     ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1262,DEE,1369,50,,F,"At the age of 50, I had an experience that transformed my life. I had been working with a tool in a secluded area of my home. I left the room for a few minutes, but when I returned, the tool had \xe2\x80\x9cvanished\xe2\x80\x9d and was never seen again. After exhausting every possible explanation for the disappearance, I felt my world falling apart. For the next few days, all I could do was to walk round and round the house in the hope that somehow the tool would mysteriously reappear. The experience was like being thrown into an alien universe, where all the laws of the only universe I had ever known had ceased to exist \xe2\x80\x93 it was like living in a world without gravity. When I eventually regained my composure, I began thinking of ways to solve the mystery. I had heard that the CIA uses psychics, so I made an appointment with one of these people in my area. Although he could not see what had happened to the tool, the psychic indicated that a being on the other side wanted to communicate with me. He described her as wearing a nurse\xe2\x80\x99s uniform and giving her first name as Edith. He could not understand her surname, but he thought it started with a C or a K. When I suggested \xe2\x80\x9cEdith Cavell\xe2\x80\x9d, he told me that was correct. (He had obviously never heard of the remarkable English nurse). Through the psychic, Edith accurately described a pendant I owned. She said I should hold it completely still and then ask her a question. If the answer was \xe2\x80\x98yes\xe2\x80\x99, the pendant would move one way; if the answer was \xe2\x80\x98no\xe2\x80\x99, it would move another way. Being of a sceptical disposition, I did not believe that something I owned could ever move of its own accord. But on arriving home, I did what Edith had suggested and to my absolute astonishment, the pendant moved as she had indicated \xe2\x80\x93 either vertically or horizontally. After a new months of fruitful yes/no communication, I asked Edith a question one day, but instead of its usual movements, the pendant swung around in a circle. Eventually I discovered that a circle indicated the need to rephrase the question. Not long after that, Edith changed her mode of communication to one where she caused my hand to move in different directions. Then one day I asked a question, but there was no response. It turned out that Edith was handing me over to someone else. The only way I could ascertain the name of this being was to go through the alphabet. I found it almost impossible to believe that the name of the new guide I was being given was Aristotle. I was in such a state of anxiety that I contacted a renowned psychic without giving him any information about myself. At the consultation he told me he was being given a vision of philosophers in Ancient Greece. This gave me reassurance that I was not losing my mind. Aristotle told me that I should apply to do a PhD in philosophy, and that I should do a lot of background reading. To this day I have never been to a philosophy lecture \xe2\x80\x93 let alone studied in the field. When I eventually rang the Professor I had chosen, he \xe2\x80\x9cforgot\xe2\x80\x9d to ask me about the previous work I had done in philosophy.  After being accepted by the University, I began a difficult journey, but I had a wonderful supervisor who carried me through. At one point Aristotle said I would need to use a concept by the very early philosopher, Anaximander. Of course I had never heard of this thinker, but I used his concept to unite the various ideas I was presenting. Later on, Aristotle handed me over to the modern French philosopher, Jacques Derrida. By this time I had become used to the miraculous, which was just as well, because I found Jacques\xe2\x80\x99 writing difficult to grasp. In the end, thanks to all the help I was given from the other side, the two examiners I had described my dissertation as \xe2\x80\x9coutstanding\xe2\x80\x9d. (It is titled \xe2\x80\x9cHeidegger and the mystery of being\xe2\x80\x9d and is on the web). Among other things it addresses the question of mysticism, and I am now interested in relating mystical experiences to the idea of the divine. From what I have read in Dr. Alexander\xe2\x80\x99s book, and from my own experience, it seems difficult to conceive of God as an all-powerful being who sends people to hell if they don\xe2\x80\x99t repent. The evidence seems to be overwhelming that the whole of the universe is love.     ",,Australia,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",docto,church,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
1263,ADC,1106,16,,F,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1264,DEE,1520,49,,M,"I had recently stopped drinking alcohol after 29 years of habitual and heavy drinking. My partner at the time was engaged in guided meditation and spiritual connection and growth. She convinced me to look to meditation and I discovered that I could use the pendulum quite successfully. I began to work very hard at the spiritual connection that I was forming. After a period of time i was able to hear messages and feel spiritual presence.I was shown the different spheres and told of the existence of other worlds and other dimensions. I had come to a point in my life where change was necessary. God had played a major part in my life until age 13....I felt divorced from him at age 49 and quite spiritually, emotionally and physically lost. In these early days of my transformation i was meditating and the room was flooded with a beautiful golden light. I felt myself being lifted from the chair....tears streamed down my face and the overwhelming message was to love God. From this point I began to understand that love was the key to change albeit with a great deal of hard personal work.    ",,I am an A,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Student,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1265,ADC,1252,52,,F,"After what happened to me its impossible not to believe. I have to admit that when life gets tough I have my doubt but I remember Cindy and the vitamins and I said to myself: How can I doubt. Reading Dr. Alexanders book is like a confirmation of my heaven. My description was very thorough. And I have to say that I dont pretend people to believe, but no body can take this experience away from me and I am glad that an atheist was present to be my witness. Even for myself, because this is so unreal that after it happens you find yourself wondering if you are imagening or what.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Before,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1266,ADC,1343,52,,M,    ,,citizen,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Truckdr,,divor,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1267,DEE,1319,51,,F,"I awoke at 2:00 a.m. and noticed a dim light that appeared to be emanating from the wall in the hallway. I thought that was odd, as all the lights in our apartment were turned off and my husband was asleep in the living room. I sat up in bed to get a closer look when I saw two images very clearly displayed on the hallway wall, which appeared in the center of that dim light. They were two shadows, one in the shape of a butterfly and one in the shape of a dove. They were quite detailed. The butterfly, for example, had the veins in its wings prominently outlined as if it were made of stained glass- but it was a shadow, in black and white. The dove also appeared to resemble an image you might see on stained glass, only black and white. I sat up further and spoke out loud to myself: I am awake. This is real. What I am seeing is real... Then, the butterflys wings began to move and it flew up the wall and to the ceiling, where it disappeared. Next, the doves wings began to flutter, and it also moved up toward the ceiling and disappeared. I had the intense impression that this was a sign that I had moved in a positive spiritual direction that day, by having that talk earlier with my husband in which I opened up about myself. I felt very, very happy. Not ecstatic, just happy. I remember smiling intensely before going back to sleep.    ",,US    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,weekly,seldom,moder,littl,"100,000+",maste,Speech-,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1268,DEE,1382,39,,F,"The voice that woke me was so pronounced and deliberate. Also,the waking was accompanied by a night sweat. But that was it...I also recall I had a vivid dream 2 weeks before this incident. The dream involved Damir. I had dreamt I was in a courtyard at a wedding with my 2 children and husband at the time. I had seen the devil lurking in the courtyard trying to hide and not be seen. I then said, In the name of God I command you to leave! and he turned and walked out through the gate. At that momeent, after he left, my friend Damir walked up to the entrance gate with arbor and walked in. Before Damir passed away, I conveyed the dream as well as the divine message I receieved 2 weeks after. He was dumbfounded.    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Healthc,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1269,ME ,1555,15,,F,"See previous question. Rather than a visual, it was a presence, and understanding, an overwhelming felling of love that goes beyond words. Gods voice was a thought, a feeling in my soul, a oneness but a separateness.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Stay at,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1270,ADC,1530,42,,F,Please see answer question 8    ,,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Directo,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1271,ADC,1082,30,,F,"It was spontaneous. My brother had just passed away and I had just gotten home from his funeral. I just put my newborn baby into her crib and sat down. My brother said to me loudly check the baby. I just thought I was having an emotional feeling and ignored it. Again he said louder check the baby, again I ignored it thinking I was crazy from his death. A third time he said very very loudy CHECK THE BABY. I could not ignore it so I got up to check my newborn and she was BLUE. I shook her and she did not breath. I shook her again and she still did not breath. Then I remembered reading in a Respiratory Therapy book (my profession) that to get a baby to gasp you only had to pinch their feet. I pinched her foot and she gasped. I totally freaked out and picked up the baby and drove to my parents house to tell them my experience. They believed my without question. I went to my place of employment to pick up an apnea monitor (again, my profession). My baby never had any other episodes of apnea.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Junio,Respira,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1272,DEE,1163,58,,M,"I found myself floating in a dark void. I was not firghtened at all. It was very peaceful, but non the less very real. The longer I was there, I slowly became aware that there was something, someone, else very far away. I sensed that it was on my right. Ever so slowly, I sensed that I was getting closer and closer to it. I was not afraid. Then, at some point, I looked over to my right side, and remember saying very casually, OH...its you Just like I had known it forever, but hadnt seen it for awhile. I remember quite well, that I either speeded up my forward and sideways movement, or The Presence slowed down to the point when we merged togather and I was completely filled with the most Profound Living Love and Profound Living Peace. I realized immediately that I was being loved like I had never known possible. It was Total and Complete and Profoundly Pure! There were quite a few Profoundly Loving Souls there with and through me all at the same time. The experience was far more real than anything I could have ever imagined. I never wanted it to end.      ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Employm,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1273,ADC,1326,49,,M,"Just finished Proof of Heaven last night following the book and movie of Nosso Lar. This has been a life changing two weeks for me. Fifteen years ago, while meditating one afternoon on my office couch, I felt two hands roll me 45 degrees from my back to my side. Suffered from chronic back pain as a result of an athletic injury at the age of thirty. Startled, yet at peace, looked up to see the deceased form of one of my fathers closest friends, a small town surgeon. Dr. Pauls hands went to the small of my back while simultaneously radiating incredible warmth and energy into the damaged lumbar area. I clearly proclaimed, I miss you Dr. Paul. He smiled, and after standing there for what seemed an eternity, drew his hands from my back, stepped away slowly and faded before my eyes. I immediately arose and went to my desk. For two hours I sat motionless while I recounted vivid memories of the man who had helped a boy whose father was killed when I was eight years old. Not until I stood up, did I realize that my back pain was completely gone, and had no idea that I would be pain free for the next ten years. I shall never forget Dr. Paul Myers.    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Busines,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1274,ADC,1292,41,,F,"I saw only my father with nothing surrounding him but a color I cannot describe. At first, I felt nothing just surprise. Idont know if he was sitting, standing because I only saw him from the waist up. He was 63 when he died but he didnt look 63 nor did he look young. He looked ageless and his skin looked illuminated.He had the most beautiful color, I cant explain it. I had never seen his face so peaceful and happy. He was looking directly at me and said dont worry about me, Ive never been happier and then faded out.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,nationa,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1275,ME ,1230,18,,M,"As I continued to pray, full of fear but knowing that someone must be listening, I suddenly felt an astonishingly immense, peaceful calm descend on me, and wash through my body from head to foot. It was as if someone had poured a bucket of peace onto my head and it ran down through me all the way to my feet. I cant describe the feeling it gave me, but as I watched and felt this peace, I saw my friends stepfather hesitate. My friend was still yelling, brandishing a chair while his stepdad wielded that baseball bat. The bat was lowered, and his stepfather muttered that he didnt want to hurt him any more. My friend continued to challenge, but began to relax, and his stepfather turned and walked back into the house. The peace stayed with me, and I said goodbye to my friends, got into my car and drove home. Ill never forget that feeling and the certain knowledge that God had given me the gift of peace that night.    ",,"Citizen,","251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1276,ME ,1427,61,,F,I felt at peace and thought that it was nice that Jesus was with me. I never thought that I wouldnt be ok.    ,,us    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,teacher,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1277,ADC,1196,58,,F,"I felt exhilarated to see her! I felt sad to leave her. I was aware of the joyousness of the space I was in. I felt it was a treat and for some reason, I was given this gift. I knew it was not a dream, but an experience. I didnt understand (and still dont know) how this could be, other than my spirit traveled to where she was. She did not come to me. I went to her. Ive had two visits from my deceased father and in those events, he came to me. This was different.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Busines,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1278,ME ,1320,24,,M,"Please see above. What I felt was similar to what Dr. Alexander wrote in his book, but I did not have to die to experience it. There was a sense of stillness too. I felt overwhelming love, peace, serenity, ecstatic bliss and an ever-growing expanse into everything and the all. I learned that God is love and everything is made up of God or love.    ",,American,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1279,DEE,1075,37,,F,"I was very sick and due to fly from Minnesota to California for Neurosurgery in a few days time. I was in so much pain for about a year before being properly diagnosed with a rare spontaneous injury to my spine..not only was my condition rare but my general health was rapidly declining. I am a single mom with two kids who were pretty young and I only got out of bed to care to their needs then they would come to me at my bed. While in bed I wondered what would happen to them if I didnt get better and had questioned my faith as I was continuously praying. I was in bed and the room was silent. I started to pray and paused, meaning to continue I stopped because I felt too sick and had wondered why...then I heard a voice as clear as someone next to me and it made me hold my breath. He said my child, Im right here with you. Have faith I will never leave you. I know your walk is weary but I will not forsake thee. It is for my Glory. Just trust in me. Just trust in me. Im going to show you what you must go through to grow your strength in me, but I will not leave your side, trust me. Many will call me Holy because of your endurance and strength. This is the Word of The Lord.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Executi,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1280,OBE,1037,22,,F,No noise no sounds it all happened very fast.    ,,US    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Office,,single,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1281,ME ,1330,20,,F,"I felt a large, strong beam of love enter my head from above. It traveled down to my chest and then flowed out of my body, touching and loving all people I came in contact with, including myself. It was palpable, like it had a physical quality to it and was completely unconditional and in a way impersonal. Love for me, for others. Love through me. Divine love for all. At the same time I heard a voice in my head explaining things to me. ( I had been very confused and unhappy in my life before traveling). It was saying things like: this happened because of this, this you learned here, this builds on that and on and on and on. I saw my life, which had been a string of failures, in a clear straight line, one experience building upon another. I had a vision of standing on a mountain and having 360degree vision, understanding not just my life, but everything. Everything made sense, everything was clear and simple. I knew I would not stay there, but it was ok. I also had a feeling of something trying to jump out of my chest, like my spirit body being sucked at from the outside. I thought if this experience comes on one drop stronger, my soul is going to escape my body and thats the end. But it didnt.All the time I had a feeling of complete euphoria. It was a very high energy state and I could hardly sleep during the 7 days and nights that it lasted.    ",,British s,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,Recepti,,single,separ,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1282,ME ,1355,64,,F,"there was an orange and red and very bright light surrounding me and sort of inside me. I felt extremely powerful intense love and acceptance, so intense it hurt. I started to cry and couldnt stop.    ",,us    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,retired,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1283,ME ,1023,32,,M,"I went into a deep trance and saw a bright light. I heard an electronic hum. I then saw that the light was comming from 3 connected stars. the stars were connected by two tubes that ran from each star to the other two stars. The stars were in an equilateral triangle. I felt immense love, knowledge and perfection and felt that I understood everything. The message I got was that the world is perfect as it is and that is nothing you or I can do to add or subtract from this perfection.    ",,us    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Enginee,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1284,DEE,1255,19,,F,What I learned was that we are not the only being occupying this space    ,,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,student,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
1285,OBE,1373,39,,F,"I copy here the experience exactly as I typed it then. This records my third experience. The first one occurred in February of 1984 and then August, 1984. The third one in January of 1985, as written.  Jan.26, 1985--it has happened again (On what I experienced in early morning, only half awake). There was a rushing sound, a roaring in my ears. I am half awake now, with consciousness of my surroundings, and also have the feeling I am about to plunge off a cliff, a falling sensation. I feel, just briefly, a sense of immovability--the way in a dream one tries to move and cant, and also a sense of fear arises at this. Then the images begin, the feeling one of plunging deep into a vortex, but everything is vividly clear, in color. The images are against a black background, and they are perfect crystalline forms, changing constantly, that make me think of snowflake forms at times, then of those theoretical models of chemical components or DNA, and then of pure rock crystal forms. The speed of the images is way beyond me, their transformations occurring without cessation. Nothing exists but this silent world I seem to have entered, as the forms recede and accelerate alternately in the darkness. Then they stop--disappear, and what I see at a vast distance in total blackness, as if I were looking through a telescope backwards, only infinitely smaller than that, is a tiny circle of light. I see it as if I am looking into a cauldron of light, barely glimpsed at such a distance, but it shifts and flickers on the edges. Only a tiny part of it is revealed to me, but the light is so clear it is like the interior of a diamond--a dazzling light, that oddly conveys a sense, for which I cannot account, that it has a knowledge of some sort--as if the light was source. Then a tingling feeling occurs and the image ends--it all goes away, and I sense my regular surroundings again. I try to go to sleep. The first time this happened, last February 84, I was scared silly.  The images occurred after I experienced the same roaring sound, but at that time (also an early hour, between 2 and 5 a.m.) there was also a loud cracking sound; in fact, that happened first. The images were, then, not immediately visible. They appeared finally in the center of a deep blackness at a great distance in a curling, churning fire of light, and accelerated toward me until I could see the swirling changing crystal forms. I stayed up an hour afterwards, writing it down. I felt then the same tingling sensation at the onset and end of the event, and the same moment of immovability. The second time (all told, it has happened three times) was last summer, August, 84. And now this one, around 4:30 or 5 a.m. The fear was briefer; I knew more of what to expect, and it was as if I willed myself to hold on. I had been asleep, wake up to the buzzing, electric sensation, and the rest, and then it begins. I let the images come. In the times between the 3 events Ive tried to make it happen, unsuccessfully. Each time has occurred only spontaneously. Each time I feel I have encountered something with great energy or power within it. I feel it will happen again--that there is more to learn. Especially within that light. It frightens me, yet I sense it has meaning, validity. I wonder at its meaning, and seek it out.     ",,U.S. Citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",docto,I taugh,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1286,OBE,1148,62,,M,It was as I described above. Im not sure what I learned except that it was so real and I know that consciousness can survive outside my body.    ,,US Citize,2001 2,atheist,agnostic,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,moder,none,"50,000 99",maste,Retired,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1287,ADC,1055,48,,F,"All of the ADCs I experienced gave me comfort because I knew it was my mother. She could not speak to me before her passing, only I could speak to her which I did. So I knew that she wanted to let me know she was okay. We were very close as many mothers and daughters are, and I knew she was sending her love.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",docto,Doctor,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1288,OBE,1135,28,,M,"I EXPERIENCED MYSELF LOOKING DOWN AT MYSELF DRIVING MY CAR AND OUT OF BODY. I THEN EXPERIENCED A HAND PLANTING A SEED THAT BLOOMS QUIKCLY INTO A SUNFLOWER THAT THEN SPOINS AND AS THE STALK DROPS AWAY A GLOBE FORMS UNDER IT AND STARTS TO SPIN AND THEN ALL THE SEEDS IN THE HEAD OF THE SUNFLOWER SHOOT OUT IN THIER HELICAL PATTERN AND WRAP THE GLOBE, NOW THE EARTH IN SEEDS OF LIGHT. THEN I WAS BACK IN THE CAR ADN THEN BACK AT HOME. IT TOOK MY MOTHER SEVERAL DAYS TO CONVINCE ME SHE WAS NOT WITH ME IN THE CAR. SHE WAS THE FIRST PERSON I ENCOUNTERED AFTER, UPON ARRICING AT MY HOUSE A FEW BLOCKSD AWAY. IT TTOK A LOPN LONG TIME TO INTEGRATE IT AND I WAS VERY OVERWHELMED. I CAME TO THE CONCLUSION THAT god WAS TRYING TO GIVE ME A KICK IN THE ASS AND SAY YOU ARE ON THE WRONG PATH AND **this ** IS THE REAL THING    ",,American,"251,00",spiritual,atheist,Other,Other,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",High,STRUGGL,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1289,DEE,1452,49,,F,It was a long time ago. I dont remember any sound or light just the most incredible source of love I will never forget.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Airline,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1290,DEE,1188,22,,F,"Initially, the environment felt cold to me. the people were very business like and even the woman who was there to hold my hand was not very friendly. I felt alone. The machine was loud and the experience of having my cervix dialated we very painful. The machine made an awful sucking sound and I felt sad. All of a sudden everything changed and I was filled with the most all encompassing feeling of love that I have ever known. I felt as if I were witnessing God himself ushering/welcoming that little babys soul back to heaven. It was clear as day to me not as a vision that I saw but as an experience that I felt. The love was completely transformative. My pain was gone and I suddenly felt pure love for the other people in the room. I told them all that I loved them and thanked them for helping me. The operation ended, but that feeling of love, as if a door had opened and I was privvy to Gods love, stayed open for a long time.      ",,U.S.A bor,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Unity,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I had h,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1291,DEE,1335,29,,F,"It was a male voice, it must have sounded something like my then fianc&#233; because I thought it was him yelling my name. He yelled my name which alerted me to react which I did and I heard nothing else.    ",,A US citi,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,Outside,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1292,ADC,1464,17,,F,"When we were ending I look outside the window, and there was a person looking at me from the square that was in front of the school, I remember that I have my hand in my chin, and I ask myself, is He looking at me?. then I see this person gives me a big smile, I didnt recognized him till that moment, it was my grandfather looking a lot younger with black and white hair, a jacket and jeans I only see in a photograph in which he was with my when I was a month old. Then I knew he has passed away. He have had Alzheimer for as long I remember, and that smile tells me that all was alright, He was finally at peace and free of that prision that have him bedridden for almost two years. I got out of classes and walk to me grandparents houses that was four bloks away, I found my mom in the way and tells me about my grandfather death, i just tell her I know.    ",,Citizen,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,High Sc,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1293,OBE,1289,33,,F,"I was doing some computer work, and the next instant, I was standing in a barn. I could smell the hay and straw, and on my right side were stalls for horses, but there werent any horses in there. At the end of the barn was a Dutch door, with the top half open. To the immediate right of the door was a window. I remember looking at my feet, and I had boots on (nothing Id wear to work). I could also see the straw, and it was a bit dirty. Looking back at the end of the barn, flowing through the door and window was the warmest, loving white light. The light knew and loved me. The next instant I was back at my desk.    ",,Natural c,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Unaffilia,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Secreta,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1294,OBE,1229,44,,M,"Almost immediately after taking the divine plant I began to fall out of my body. It was a wholly new sensation for me. After years of pursuing the actual out of body occurrence it was nothing as I had imagined it to be. There is noting that can compare one for the actual sensation. During numerous mediations I had always imagined myself rising above my body to look down and view myself. But this is not what actually happened. I actually fell into myself. I literally fell out of myself and by falling inside myself. And then instantly found myself floating above my body laying on the bed. The experience of being pulled out of the body was not an unpleasant sensation rather it was the first time to feel it and all firsts are usually associated with some fear. In this case it happened so fast and the train I was on had no exit routes, so I was on it for the duration. Once I was above my body the experience was quite pleasant. I was amazed at how I looked. I also notice the family cat was aware of my presence which I found quite interesting as it gazed upon my astral body. Just as I was becoming acquainted with my new surroundings I was yanked yet again in another direction at an astounding rate through a tunnel towards a light. Upon reaching the end of the tunnel I seemed to be deposited on the other side of a threshold. This place was completely and utterly spectacular. I was suddenly connected to everything was the feeling I remember most. I only needed to think of something and the associated response was with me. The communication was so much different here. I wasnt thinking in words but pictures associated with strong feelings and emotions. And I was like a newborn. I had very little experience in this new environment. It was very much a fish out of water experience. The thing that left the most lasting impression on me was this. I was able to look back on where I had just come from. The physical world. It was close. I could perceive it clearly as if it were a separate dimension but very close. I began to focus on the edges of it as it didnt seem to be wholly formed yet. The colors were so vibrant and alive.  So organic. The edges looked like caviar. And It came into me that I was perceiving the physical on a molecular level. I was so amazed. Then suddenly it came through me like a lightening bolt. These molecules perceived me. They were aware I was looking at them. Communication!! Images and information passed at an alarming rate. I was aware of the rythme and reason for everything coming into being. It filled me with a sense of joy I had never felt before. I laughed. I knew what life really was. These small bits of life....molecules...all formed based on collective thoughts. We all were creating everyday. We just didnt realize how powerful our thoughts we were. Then I was aware of a presence behind me. It was so brite and so large. My first thoughts were not of intrigue but of how small and dim I was. And just this tiny bit of hesitation flooded me with thoughts of....had I killed myself. Suddenly I was flooded with thoughts of fear. I wanted to know if I was alive. I yearned to feel my body again. So I prayed to feel my body again. And I was propelled in that direction. It was not an easy maneuver. It took some time to anchor myself in my body but it was accomplished. I had set up a timer on the side of the night stand. Total duration was 15 minutes. It had felt like an eternity. There was actually no sensation of time where I had gone. It did not exist.     ",,US citize,"251,00",spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Junio,Produce,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1295,NDE,1281,38,,F,    ,,American,1 2000,agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Registe,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1296,ADC,1120,30,,F,It felt like a presence next to me. It felt like the presence put their arm around me to comfort me. It did not feel like an actual person putting their arm around me. But the energy felt that way. And I knew it was my mom. I felt it was her comforting me. There was nobody who could comfort me.     ,,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,undec,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Mental,,single,single,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1297,ADC,1087,34,,F,I woke up at 5:30 am. My grandmother was standing at the foot of my bed. She had a light within her as if to glow. She wore a nighty as I had recalled seeing her wear in the past. Her face looked as i had remembered her as a healthy older person but before her decline into dementia that eventually reduced her to the size of a child. She was smiling and did not say a word. I was crying but felt peaceful at the same time. This is the greatest gift my grandmother ever gave me. It comforted me then and does even moreso as my life experience continues. I only share with those who I sense will understand and may be open to it.    ,,Canadian/,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Project,,separ,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1298,ME ,1267,7,,F,"I was walking alone in the woods, following an animal trail. I suddenly became hyper-aware of everything around me. I was flooded by an all-pervading presence of light, which left me astutely aware of how everything was connected....One. I saw myself, each step, as impacting everything around me that sent a wave through everything because I was completely connected with everything. With that, I became aware of how carefully I should tread on the trail I was following and that it was my responsibility to take careful steps because life was everywhere. I also suddenly understood how precious and alive everything was and that even inanimate things had a form of consciousness. I continued walking and sat down with my back against a tree. I could feel the pulse of the universe running through everything around me, like a beating heart, but everything was pulsing together at the same time, in unison. Everything was also made of light. I could see with my open eyes, the light that permeated everything around me. I saw the sacredness of the grass, the animals, the trees, the dirt beneath me, the rocks. I felt a profound sense of love. It was a euphoric experience that I remember as clearly as the day it happened almost 50 years ago.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1299,NDA,1386,17,,F,"One night, I had a dream. I remember being outside of my grandfather house. Outside of the house was my grandfather. He approached me, and we were happy to see each other. I knew it had been a while since I saw him. And, I also knew that she was currently sick and afraid of him leaving me [to the afterlife]. My grandfather took my hand, and we walked into his house. The view inside the house, during the dream, was identical to his real house. What I found unusual was that all the lights were out except the one straight ahead- his room.  As we proceeded to walk towards his room, he was telling me that things were going to be fine. That, at first, things were going to feel like they are spinning out of control. As if I was standing with my arms out, spinning in circles, losing my balance- THAT type of loss of control. Although I found comfort in his words, I didnt know what he actually meant, until after his death.  When we approached the bedroom door, I could not believe my eyes. In front of me, was a hospital bed and my grandfather was in it! My grandfather was in his bed, facing my direction; he was asleep. Behind him, sitting, was his 2nd wife, his daughter, Lucy, and his son, Danny. To my left [and my grandfathers], sitting on a chair, was my mother. All of them were looking straight at my grandfather. I could not believe that I was in the presence of two grandfathers- and the same one!!  Seeing my grandfather in the hospital bed created a magnetic pull. I could not remove my eyes from him. I had never seen him in such a state. He was always alert, active, and immediately greeting me. This was the first time that I ever saw him so disconnected from everyone else, especially in their presence.  Seeing that there was an empty chair right next to his bed, I immediately sat on it. I felt I was trying to be close to him as I possibly could. This was the man I had loved all my life. He was my father, my comfort, and my strength. I admired this man profusely. And, knowing that I had denied seeing him for so many months, he needed to know I was finally there.  I apologized to him for not being there for when he needed me the most. I told him I was scared of losing him and I was scared that he would pass away once he already saw me. (He had seen every family member, but me. Due to how our relationship was, my withdrawal had shocked everyone. I thought you loved your grandfather, why arent you seeing him? You know that he is dying. Go see him.) Once I finished venting to my grandfather, asking him for forgiveness, his eyes opened. He looked at me. I returned the look. And he closed them again. Right then I knew that I was right. He WAS waiting for me. He wasnt leaving yet because we hadnt said goodbye. And I was the last person that he needed to see. But, I knew that I wasnt ready to let him go. Feeling overwhelmed, I reached out to him. I went for his hand and I grabbed it. It was my first touch with him in months. And once I held his hand, I heard his last breath. I was then informed he died. Everyone around was crying, including myself. With the pain of a broken heart, and having everything feel so real, I immediately woke up from my dream. I woke up sweating and bursting into tears. I could not stop crying. I had felt as if my grandfather had truly passed away.  My mother, who was sleeping next to me at the time (she didnt want to be alone during this moment in her life- being a daddys girl) woke up with fright. She didnt know what happened to me. I relived the dream by telling her every single detail. She reached out to a relative who informed her that my grandfather was still alive. - Exactly one week later, still fearful of my dream, and still avoiding seeing my dying grandfather, my mom informed me that she had just seen my grandfather. She informed me that now it was just a matter of hours or minutes. Without thinking, I immediately got ready. It was probably 10:00-11:00 at night. On my way over there, those fears werent present. But once I walked up to my grandfathers door- all my fears came flooding back. I did not know what to expect. Was my dream just a dream? Or, would it become a reality?? As my mother and I walked in through the door. My heart slumped to the bottom of my stomach. Just like my dream- the house was dark except for the back room- my grandfathers room. I began to experience anxiety. I was praying my steps towards the room would be nothing like my dream. I had so much hope in those few seconds which felt like an hour. When I walked into the bedroom, there he was: my grandfather laying on a bed, facing my direction. Behind him, my 2nd wife, my aunt Lucy, and my uncle Danny. My mother took a seat to my left. And I, I was offered the empty seat next to him. The seat from my dreams!  I had so many thoughts come up. I could not believe that I was r",,US Citize,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,High Sc,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1300,ME ,1169,19,,F,It is hard to describe because using conventional language doesnt fit. Something came over me in which I experienced a feeling (this is not the right word) of complete PERFECTION. I say feeling isnt the right word because it implies emotion. What I experienced was not of any of the five senses. It was the best feeling I have ever had and can only say it was a spiritual experience of perfection. It must have been from what we call God.    ,,I am a ci,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",colle,Chartis,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1301,DEE,1368,41,,F,I had just settled into bed for approx. 15 minutes. My eyes were closed but I was awake. I saw a circle of bright light in the air. There was a male figure behind the light but I do not know who. The light started to dance in a circle. I watched in amazement yet my eyes were still closed. The circle of light began to move. This was my confirmation that I was awake and not dreaming or imagining as my mind went right into I wonder where it is going to go. I was anxious to see where the dancing circle of bright light was moving to. I watched intently. The light moved through my hand that was resting on my husbands stomach/chest and entered into my husband. I was awestruck and began to weep tears of (joy) for a lack of term. I did not tell my husband what I had experienced. The next day we had a scheduled appointment with a marriage counselor. The counselor started as always with Gene how do you feel. His answer confirmed what I had saw the night before. Gene ALWAYS would answer with fine or good. This time is answer was I feel more spiritual. My jaw dropped and I then explained to the counselor and my husband what had happened the night before.    ,,U.S. Citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1302,SDE,1535,30,,F,    ,,Canadian,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Some,secreta,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1303,DEE,1222,47,,F,"A ball of light appeared in the left corner of the room. It seemed to rotate or be in constant motion. There were voices, but they were all saying the same thing at the same time. It hovered there for a while, and then moved just below the ceiling fan, which was over my bed, at my feet. I had always thought that if I ever had an encounter I would be calm and ask questions. That didnt happen. I was terrified because I knew it was God, and I remembered I was horribly drunk. The ball of light said something to me. As much as I want to, I dont remember what, but it was something very short and simple. What I got from it was that God had a lot for me to do, and I couldnt do it as long as I was drinking. Something else I felt was love overwhelming, soothing love. Love that loved me even though I was drunk.     ",,American,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Educato,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1304,DEE,1436,43,,F,Please see question #43. I think Ive said it all there.    ,,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some, After,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1305,ADC,1252,52,,F,"After what happened to me its impossible not to believe. I have to admit that when life gets tough I have my doubt but I remember Cindy and the vitamins and I said to myself: How can I doubt. Reading Dr. Alexanders book is like a confirmation of my heaven. My description was very thorough. And I have to say that I dont pretend people to believe, but no body can take this experience away from me and I am glad that an atheist was present to be my witness. Even for myself, because this is so unreal that after it happens you find yourself wondering if you are imagening or what.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Before,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1306,DEE,1147,35,,F,"After an abortion in 1971, I experienced great remorse. Following a series of God-sent visions, I entered a Bible study program in the Catholic Church that led me to Eucharistic Adoration. During my first Eucharistic adoration, the love of God, emanating from the Eucharist, surged like a wave through my being. I was immediately released from remorse.  A few months later, an acquaintance who works for the Catholic Church asked me to create a self-published prayer book of remembrance for parents who are grieving the death of a child from miscarriage or abortion.  In 2003, Book of the Innocents was the first publication authored by lay people to be published by the Catholic Church\xe2\x80\x99s official publishing company, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. Parents can enter the name of their \xe2\x80\x9clost\xe2\x80\x9d child in the book.    ",,citizen,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1307,DEE,1490,48,,F,"Then, I saw a door that opened very slightly. Through that gap of the door I saw the light, such bright wonderful light behind the door. The light spoke to me but did not use words. I wrapped me up in a feeling of love and acceptance. It told me without words that I should not fear, not be afraid, that I was loved and accepted and forgiven. I so much wanted to see more of that light, to see more, but the light told me without words that if the gap would just open more, it would be too much for a human being. It made me understand that we humans cannot grasp the full meaning of the light, not in our human condition, but that we would become ONE with the light when our time comes and there would be joy and love. So now know. I try to share that knowledge of love and joy and the fact that there is nothing to fear. But I cannot find the right words to transmit this immense feeling.    ",,German,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,avera,littl,"0 24,999",maste,High sc,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1308,NDE,1041,41,,F,"see above. as far as what I learned I still had a purpose on earth, and it was to be a guardian for others. My brothers and sisters were EVERYBODY regardless of religion or sex or anything we were all one, but people didnt get it, nor would they. I had to be an example. And this would breed more love. Not because of ME, but because of the Loving Creator who lived through me and everyone. I knew who I was, and I knew my mother would be passing soon. I knew I would be taken care of, as the man kept giving me money...I knew I was to follow native american principles of love the sacred earth and that all are my brothers and sisters, as Yeshu / Jesus said.    ",,Citizen U,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1309,ME ,1127,51,,F,See above.    ,,I am a U.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1310,ME ,1294,61,,F,"During the summer of 2006, Hank and I were at an outdoor party at a swim club in Basking Ridge, New Jersey. We had met this group of people the year before, so they were new to us. It was a sunny day and I was talking to a very suntanned man everyone called Mike the Painter, to distinguish him, I suppose, from all the other Mikes. While I was talking to Mike, his whole face suddenly turned a deathly gray color. It happened in a snap, as if you turned on a light and boom! I guess it was shocking to see because my brain took a couple of seconds before I realized that his face had changed to gray. His face was gray for several seconds and then it snapped back to his normal tan color. I stood there staring at him. I dont remember what he was saying. I do not drink or do drugs. After that happened and in the next day or two, I remember thinking about Mikes face and wondering if it did indeed turn gray. I couldnt believe I saw his whole face a gray color. I tried to disbelieve this experience had happened to me. I tried to deny that his face had turned gray. But every time I tried to deny it, I kept affirming that I did indeed see that Mikes face instantly turned gray, stayed gray for several seconds, then instantly turned back to tan. Since Im a visual person and a visual artist, I couldnt deny that I saw his face was gray because my mind sort of takes a picture of it and, also, I was able to call it up in my memory and I would see it again, so I couldnt really deny the gray color. I ended up believing that this happened, even if I didnt understand why it happened or why I saw it. A day or two later I understood what I saw and why I saw it. Mike was a heavy smoker. He was usually smoking a cigarette whenever I saw him. I believed that God wanted me to warn Mike to stop smoking or hell pass at a young age. I waited a whole year before I got up the courage to tell Mike. I didnt want this new group of friends to think I was a religious zealot or crazy. So that summer I went up to Mike and told him what I saw and that I was meant to pass this warning to him. I apologized if he thought I was a zealot but Mike stopped me and said he was Catholic and believed that people see signs from God. He said he wasnt going to stop smoking and thanked me for telling him. I saw Mike every summer for a few years after that time and noticed that he was still smoking. Hank and I have since changed our summer plans so I dont expect to see Mike at that location again.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1311,SDE,1400,63,,F,"At about 0330, I dreamed I was in his ICU room just as it was, and he suddenly sat up in bed. I ran to the bedside fearing that he would dislodge tubes, when the patient stated  Dont worry about me. Ill be OK. I woke up and had this overwhelming feeling that he would survive this illness. The next day, I got report from the night nurse and discovered that he was out of the unstable cardiac rhythm. He had converted out of it at about 0330. After his rhythm stablized, his blood pressure continued to improve as did his other symptoms of septic shock.    ",,US citize,"50,000",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,very st,"50,000 99",some,registe,,divor,divor,No,moderately str,All pleasant,senior
1312,ME ,1430,20,,F,see above    ,,Australia,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,moder,"100,000+",some,I wasnt,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1313,NDA,1178,16,,F,"I saw the stars in the universe flash past me as I was speeding away leaving the earth, to hear a voice telling me It was not my time, I have important things to do. I still wonder if I need to do more to complete the important things somehow.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,avera,"25,000 49",some,High sc,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1314,DEE,1042,27,,F,"observered a divine entity not of this world while awake. I felt awe, protection. I heard a voice from her, but not from her lips. She was giving me a choice meaning There was a way out of this situation. She scared me, but I knew that it was good for me. I had to leave this place for everybodies best good. She would be leading me, along with other guardians. She was one of me.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,working,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1315,ADC,1377,51,,M,This is the actual text message I sent Subject: Message from Mum Hi Lone Im just awake and have just finished relaying to Sue a dream I have just finished having about an hour ago. This was unlike ANYTHING I have ever experienced in my life and I guess u may believe what Im about to say or not then thats fine. It was a message from Mum for me and us all. Ill try to describe it but the detail was as good if not better than real life. Ok this is what I was shown and told by Mum mainly. Others I saw were Dad and you. Everyone is happy and come and go busy doing exactly what they want in real life just the same. Same voices same mannerisms and smiling. As you think of some one some place or some thing it materialises and its there for you to touch use and even the smells are the same. The detail blew me away as Mum walked me from room to room by my arm and showed me that her home is still alive and well and shes home living there with all her gear pictures everything. I saw the laundry all full. I gave Mum a big kiss and she was happy to see me and have me visit. Each room was perfect right down to the wood grain on the cupboard doors and wardrobes. It was clearer than I can even remember now. I could touch and feel everything. I said can I look in the huts and I did opening the door and checking both out. The smell was the same lol. They were full of junk And I said to Mum how come and she said we keep all the extra gear in there because us kids arnt there. When I was inside the house if I concentrated real hard I could almost see the burnt walls and floors like a shadow or silhouette but Mum said to me firmly with a serious look on her face that she is NOT going to allow me to see that and it vanished. She said that our home exists in two different places at once. Its like one place is on 92fm and her place is 102fm. They share the same place or space but out of tune so u dont see the other. Anyway we had visitors come and go with cups of tea. Dad arrived in from up the farm smiling and whistling. You arrived for a visit and chat also happy and smiling. Everything coming and going as I thought of them. When I was in Mums old bedroom with the built in mirror I tried to look at myself but when I did I was like a ghost. Very faint and just a shape. And yet I could see the bloody grain in the varnished doors right beside. We went to the A&amp;P show and there were not many people there but it was on. What happens is only the people you knew and think about come through. This explains how in the spirit world its not jammed packed with every person who has passed on just your loved ones and friends coming and going like real life. Ok back home again and Muns really young and beautiful probably in her twenties. See they can appear as any age they want. I knew it was mum. I swung her around then she fell over a chair laughing. I had tea with Mum and now the afternoon was getting darker it was time for me to go. I have her a big hug and began to cry with joy. I knew I was experiencing a dream but it was much too real for just a memory and I could ask questions. I thought I would wake Sue with my crying but I went back to Mum. She smiled and said she is happy and well and not to fear. I asked her if I could come and visit her again but she got serious again and said no but she will think about it. I said how about once a week and I begged her but she smiled and said maybe. Oh well I thought. I walked out the gate and some guys standing on the driveway who looked like Eddie yates. He was wearing a parka and there was a farm implement behind him. I said to him who are you ? and he told me his name. Random spirits appear too and he was out the gate and seemed to be waiting for Dad to come out to see him. I hopped into my car yes u can drive in the afterlife but its cool . You dont have miles of boring nothingness. Next second Im on my way home to Hokitika and I stop in a town. I got out at a park and some guys sitting there in his car with his mouth wide open looking at me. I said what are u looking at ? He says you are bloody flying and floating up in the air. I said so ... You can too come on up so he hops out and flies up to me. He was hopeless and tumbled over. I laughed. Then I awoke in bed at home with tears running down my cheeks and so bloody happy I had to wake Sue and relay this story. It was not a dream but was a real experience. It was like a near death experience without the death. I could see anything I wanted and ask questions at will. I feel a lot more content about home and Mum and I have been shown a glimpse of heaven. It was SOOO nice I can see why Mum is restricting my return. If u stay and dont go back you die and its not my time. But we are allowed to visit but only when our loved ones allow us. I hope this makes sense and I was pleased to see you there too,,New Zeala,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Vehicle,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1316,DEE,1420,15,,M,"On the third day in the hospital, the day I had planned to end my life, I spent the only night of my treatment without a roommate. In hindsight, however, I know that I was not alone that evening. During a period of intense reflection, I decided to open the Bible that was provided in each room. I casually flipped through the pages and eventually turned to the back cover where someone had scribbled a few of their favorite verses, one of which was Ecclesiastes 7:17. I immediately located chapter 7 / verse 17 in the very top right corner of the page, next to the page number of 717, where the number 717 was scratched in pen directly above the page number. I was strangely comforted and terrified simultaneously as I read the words, \xe2\x80\x9cBe not over much wicked; neither be thou foolish. Why shouldest thou die before thy time.\xe2\x80\x9d The rest of the chapter proceeds to advise the reader against submitting to the extremes of both righteousness and wickness, foolishness and wisdom, and purity and profane. Ill always have a physical monument of this miraculous affirmation of Gods love for me because, like the heathen I am, I took advantage of my lone solitary evening in the hospitial to secretly remove the passage which I carry on my person to this day.  Though I did not realize it until ten years after the fact, this was a covenent with God that was initiated before I ever even entered the hospital. Shortly before I plotted my suicide and entered the hospital, I had carved a cross into my chest and filled it with black ink as I selfishly pleaded with God to end my girlfriends unintended pregnancy. At the age of fifteen, my shortsighted naivity deluded my judgment into thinking this child would mark the end of my existence. Shortly thereafter, my girlfriend miscarried an innocent life whose destiny was not its own. I had desperately pleaded with God to change the course of my life and received more than I bargained for when, to my surprise, our covenent was sealed during that third evening in that hospital. The undoubted reason that God used the trifect appearance of 717 to get my attention is because 717 indicates the month and day of my birth on July 17, 1987. It was through this miracle that God sealed our first covenant with the symbol of 717. Little did I know, this was only the beginning of a wealth of revelations that have continued to unfold through the present day.    ",,United St,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I was 1,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1317,SDE,1563,44,,M,"I had this very vivid dream about my friend who was lying down in a hospital bed. In real life i had visit him the day prior and was lying unconscious in his hospital bed, under heavy sedation and palliative care. In my dream i was visiting him again but he woke up, and stared directly at me, not a word was exchanged but i had the strong feeling he was saying goodbye. I woke up then.    ",,canadian,2001 2,atheist,agnostic,Christian,Other,,,never,never,undec,none,"0 24,999",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1318,OBE,1477,53,,M,"Lets take a trip......this is not any trip, this is my trip and it happened the night or second night home from the hospital. I began traveling through a darkness. It is BLACK! no stars, no planets, no lights, NOTHING! Void. A black hole I dont know what else to call it. Except in a very, very, very far distance is a very small gold and I mean GOLD light flickering like a candle or generator running off cycle or something. I began to get closer and closer. The GOLD light grew larger and larger and closer and closer. As I got close enough I could tell what looked like a snow globe or very lucent clear crystal ball and this GOLD light was inside this globe. As I got closer I could tell inside this globe were what looked like stars. Sort of looking into the sky from earth. But inside this globe these stars were very bright or a crystal or bright white. It is nothing I have ever seen before or can compare to it. There were no bright and dim stars, they were all the same. In this middle was this Golf glowing light. I did not go inside this and was kept at a distance hanging out in this blackness. On the way all I could feel is a state of AWE! no words, just a beyond any middle boggling experience anyone could have imagined. On this travel it was like your mind is wondering out there and focused on this GOLD light thinking what is going on?. Getting closer to this globe I noticed I began getting messages or bits of information or something that seem to be sending these messages to me. These messages begin telling me some things I need to work on. Which I did not understand at all. I am beginning to get a better understanding each day since. There were many messages or I guess even judgements that I received in which stated I did or just point out or something (still processing) but three Primary things I need to do before I am to enter or go to or inside this globe. There is way too much for me to put onto here. All I know is I was told to do this. One of my things is that I am to teach, speak, talk about Forgiveness. As this is one of my things I have to do and that is because this is the best way to learn it. This is all for now as I need to go rest. (try to sleep). I really cannot put into words what happened but it was very real to me. I was not on any drugs these nights and am not now either. I cant stand the pain drugs, although I know many wanting them. This was one week out of surgery when this travel happened. I had two profound experiences in the hospital which I am finding out stuff now and it is no words to describe.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Junio,Large d,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1319,DEE,1158,9,,M,"As the night passed I would fall into and out of sleep, waking when I became cold with chills or hot from the fever. At one point during the night I had awoken again from the fever and at that time I became more aware that my illness was worse, much worse than my parents had originally thought. I definitely dont believe my parents were aware of just how ill I was because had they know they would have taken me to a doctor. At this point when I awoke from the fever I was delirious again and wanted to get up and wake my parents to tell them how sick I was but I didnt have the strength to get up or yell for them. I was very distressed by this time as I just intuitively knew I was very ill and I needed help, but was helpless as I could not speak let alone get up to tell my parents. Just as I thought my fever couldnt get any worse and as I laid helpless in my bed a white-golden light started to appear to my left and I turned my eyes to see this white-golden light begin to form against the wall. This white-golden light began to take shape until it became three separate beings, all bathed in the white-golden light they formed from, a white-golden light that seemed to dance all around them. They did not speak, they did not look directly at me, but instead they stood silently with heads bowed. I do remember they were all dressed in what I can only describe as a monks robe, with the hood and large sleeves. As soon as I saw the beings of light I immediately began to feel better, I no longer felt feverish, my aches stopped and my strength was coming back. Prior to that moment I was feeling the worse I had all night and my fever and delirium still had a grip on me, yet the moment I began to see the beings forming my fever dissipated and the delirium went away. Once the beings were fully formed my thinking was completely clear again, no delirium and my fever and aches were gone. The overwhelming feeling of complete serenity, peace and calm came over me, I was not afraid of the beings in the least and instinctively knew they were there for me, then just as suddenly as the golden beings of light had appeared they faded away.    ",,American,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,"None, I",,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1320,OBE,1338,23,,F,"What I learned was the day this happened to me was my fathers birthday he turned 50, he called me the day after and when I said what did you do on your birthday, he said he was away at his caravan, and he spent the whole day of his 50th sitting at the table in the caravan on his own.    ",,Australia,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,never,seldom,avera,none,"0 24,999",High,Bookkee,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1321,DEE,1533,71,,M,First I felt a Presence that started to indicate new exercises . As I was surprise I asked : I recognize a divine presence here and I would like to know Who is it .The response was I am Arc&#225;ngel San Gabriel .From that day on He has been always helping me ro recup&#233;rate my voice . Now I have it 90% back and continue giving recitals.    ,,Colombian,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Layer,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1322,ADC,1035,61,,F,"To continue the above, I knew that this had to be a sign from Herb. He was letting me know that he was around and that he was okay. I had once owned a volkswagen bug that I was fond of before I met Herb. I had told him how I missed that car. To have a volkwsagen bug in front of me with the license plate Herbie at just that time and place indicated to me that Herb was okay and was still alive in some form. I was comforted. Since then, I have had other signs from him that would be only meaningful to me, but that I know are from him.    ",,citizen,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",docto,educato,,widow,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1323,ME ,1230,18,,M,"As I continued to pray, full of fear but knowing that someone must be listening, I suddenly felt an astonishingly immense, peaceful calm descend on me, and wash through my body from head to foot. It was as if someone had poured a bucket of peace onto my head and it ran down through me all the way to my feet. I cant describe the feeling it gave me, but as I watched and felt this peace, I saw my friends stepfather hesitate. My friend was still yelling, brandishing a chair while his stepdad wielded that baseball bat. The bat was lowered, and his stepfather muttered that he didnt want to hurt him any more. My friend continued to challenge, but began to relax, and his stepfather turned and walked back into the house. The peace stayed with me, and I said goodbye to my friends, got into my car and drove home. Ill never forget that feeling and the certain knowledge that God had given me the gift of peace that night.    ",,"Citizen,","251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1324,ADC,1091,44,,F,"I saw my son, see above.     ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",Some,Insuran,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1325,OBE,1005,22,,M,Sorry...see above    ,,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Archite,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1326,OBE,1170,8,,F,"The most vivid one was that I was in my bedroom and I was going into my hallway when I realized what was happening, I immediately went back into my body. Also, there was a knocking sound at the head of my bed, near my head. , prior to me leaving    ",,Us citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,N/a,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1327,DEE,1263,37,,M,"I was breathing underwater without an oxygen mask, somehow drawing bubbles of air from the water. My body wanted to go off and swim, turning and twisting, happy and playful. The light was bright blue higher up and darker blue below. I swam into the deeper blue until I could see the flat bottom of the lake, stretching out before me. I felt suddenly that all my old friends were there \xe2\x80\x93 there were no faces or shapes of people, but I knew they were inside these little round blue balls all over the lake floor. I could sense them powerfully welcoming me as an old and very dear friend \xe2\x80\x93 the feeling of so many friends and of being so thankful to see them again after so long made me both deeply happy and very sad at the same time. When my eyes started to well up, they told me that it was OK, they were there and they will always be there, and that they\xe2\x80\x99re in the beauty all around me.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Self-em,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1328,ADC,1233,45,,F,"One morning about six weeks after Chelsy died I had this overwhelming urge to call Diana. I didnt know why or what I would say but I called her right right after I got out of the shower, wet head and all.....at the end of the reading she said wait, wait....your daughter is coming to me.....its her....she is with a guide....hes someone from your past, helping her now.....she is not speaking but she wants you to know how happy she is....she is holding up pictures of beautiful flowers, vivid colors, she is smiling from ear to ear. Then she said Chelsy wants you to know how much love her body holds for you. And that her job in heaven was to help her sister Carrie. At that point I lost it, again crying uncontrollably....I had never heard of an encounter like this. Afterwards I wrote it all down so I wouldnt forget it.....then like Dr Alexander I read everything I could get my hands on. Hello from Heaven comes to mind along with Embraced by the Light......I was obscessed to learn everything that I could about what had happened. I didnt tell too many people as I knew my Christian friends may be judgemental about my involvement with the psychic. Hell, after all I had been through, who should judge...God was merciful to me; Diana helped me more than any counselor ever did in my lifetime.    ",,"USA, born","25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,My back,,divor,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1329,ADC,1198,51,,F,"I found myself sitting alone in a row of seats in front of another row of seats where Sharon sat behind me to the left. I looked back at her and saw her cutting off her beautiful hair, taking handfuls and just cutting. Then she began pulling at it in an anguished way, hacking away, and then began pulling at the skin on her face. The next moment we were standing hugging each other with such complete and total, unconditional love,rocking back and forth, seeing such love in her eyes, feeling incredible love beaming into me from her, I was weeping with joy knowing she was alright, that she was happy, in a good place. I woke myself up weeping with joy and grief and gratitude all at the same time, and I knew she had come to let me know she was alright, in a place of great love. I am weeping now as I write this because I now know where she is. I know. Where my sisters went.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,none,"0 24,999",High,artist,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1330,OBE,1559,49,,M,"I think it was November 2014, I was doing my meditation and this time I focused on my concern about IS and asked why this is allowed to exist. I received instantly an answer. A thick blanket of love came over me from my feet to my head. This was symbolic and like an introduction for the next images. I was shown a large area. A kind of birds eye view was shown to me and a thick blanket of love was pulled over that area which was taken by IS. It became clear to me that this blanket of love was made by numerous souls who were concerned and sending their love. This love was enormous and the concern was like from a mother towards her children. It became clear to me that the love was there and it could heal if people wanted to. It was up to them (the IS-soldiers). Their (the IS-soldiers) decision, their free will, was the result of the mess and suffering. I was told to be not afraid. Never!    ",,Dutch nat,"50,000",spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Diploma,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1331,NDA,1327,46,,F,Please see above description.    ,,USA citiz,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,I worke,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1332,ME ,1137,17,,M,"Observed feelings of bliss. What i learned from this initial experience was that i could re-enter this state at will, particularly when relaxed and laying down. Came to understand that there is more than just the physical body. Still curious as to why this occurs and the full mechanics behind it.    ",,Australia,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",some,Hospita,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1333,ME ,1314,33,,M,"I awake to nothing. No body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space: no near, no far, no light or dark. No heat, no cold. No emotion: no joy, no fear. Just calm awareness in a gray void.  A moment / eternity passes. Light! A brilliant sun! And with it, darkness: the fullness of empty space. A small human figure stands in silhouette. My consciousness shifts. I become the figure; a human body standing in space before a radiant globe. I feel! I am bathed in intense light and heat; light and heat so intense that if I were in a physical form I would be vaporized. I am engulfed by boundless, infinite energy; overwhelming energy. Another shift in perception: energy becomes love. Energy and love are the same. Energy is love. I am embraced and cradled: infolded by a boundless field of energy/love, love which is personal yet vast beyond comprehension. I am seen; seen through. The barriers and masks that we construct to present an idealized persona to the world are blown away. Though the experience is veiled to me I perceive that my life in its naked reality is being lived and fully comprehended by a conscious presence. There is no judgment. My being with all its shortcomings, failures, and rough edges is unconditionally accepted, loved, and cherished.  I become aware that what had first appeared like a sun is un-like anything from ordinary reality. I am in the presence of a radiant, fluid luminosity. An amalgam of water and light is the best approximation I can think of. The sense of being before a conscious presence intensifies.  My mind buzzes with the desire to hold It, to explain and contain It with my thought. The more I grasp, however, the more It slips away. It cannot be grasped or named. I give up, let go, and allow myself to simply rest with It. With this shift from desire/grasping to acceptance I am permeated by light. In a blaze, the dark husk of my body flakes away. I become light. I am one with the light. I am the light, a fluid, radiant luminosity. I have no body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space. I am calm awareness in a radiantly luminous field of joyfully dancing light.  A moment / eternity passes. I find myself with a luminous body. A thought is expressed without words: approach your live with joy and gratitude; compassion and acceptance. A cosmic chuckle: clear-eyed and hard-nosed. I am laughed at/with. \xe2\x80\x9cDon\xe2\x80\x99t take your self so seriously\xe2\x80\x9d rings in my mind. As I turn from the light a frigorific presence rushes from behind and past my left ear. It is a transparent nothingness consuming all energy in its path. It radiates a cold animus and an implacable will to be separate; to differentiate. As it rushes past an iron darkness warps around me. It fuses to me and I become dark and solid. I awake to an ordinary day.     ",,American,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Archite,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1334,DEE,1399,51,,M,"I could hear people speaking who were around me, was well aware of my surroundings--I did not expect this visitation to happen. I had said a little prayer (just in case) asking for forgiveness for those I had directly or indirectly hurt, and waited to die--so I thought. I wondered what it would feel like; i.e., would the lights just go out, would it be painful, or what. I could not tell the sex of my visitor, it appeared to clothed in a lovely robe-like material, was very human in appearance, had a lovely smile, appeared gentle and loving and I could see through it. What surprised me most is that it spoke to me without words. The thoughts just jumped into my mind. It knew what I wanted to know just as I had the thought develop in my mind, and I remarked, \xe2\x80\x9cHow did you do that?\xe2\x80\x9d Looking back on the experience, that thought makes me smile every time I think about it--it really happened that way. The message was that of love, that it did not matter whether I lived or died--I would be cared for. Finally, the overriding message was, LOVE WAS ALL THAT MATTERED and I did not need to worry. The visitor stayed with me for some time (several minutes) and when I turned to look away, out the cabin window, I could see the lights of a city below. When I turned back, my visitor was gone. In a way, this proved how real the visitation was. It was NO dream. After the plane landed, I was met by an ambulance and taken to Daniel Freeman Hospital. Thinking that I had a Mexican GI upset I was taken to a ward treating GI problems, a nurse noticed that my blood pressure dropped to nearly zero, I was then rushed to a CC unit and placed under the care of a cardiologist, Dr. Ciralo (sp?). There I was diagnosed with severe cardiac dilatation and heart failure, it wasnt until later that a pheochromocytoma was discovered. I was severely hypertensive and apparently this was the cause of my heart failure. When my hypertensive condition was brought under control, my heart returned to normal. This was all documented by ultrasonography and angiography. The pheochromocytoma was removed from my abdomen 1 month later at Cottage Hospital in Santa Barbara. I think back on the experience and still worry about the unknown, but listening to the audio tape of your book has helped restore my faith in the reality of my experience. Thank you!! My experience is with me nearly every day. My visitor never returned, but I do think we\xe2\x80\x99ll meet again someday.    ",,US citize,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"100,000+",post,Practic,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1335,ADC,1313,41,,F,"My experience was a feeling that was both emotional and physical in nature. I cant say that I saw or heard anything, but I felt an overwhelming sense of peace and well being, which was odd considering that my dad had suddenly just died. I learned that my dad was completely and totally okay even though he was dead.    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Writer/,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1336,DEE,1442,66,,M,"This vision was not a day dream or a thought, it was a vision that took me to her room as i lay awake watching a baseball game. It came and it went on its own. As much as i tried i could not and can not repeat this vision. I have memory of it, but cannot re-create it. At the time of the vision we did not know she was close to death. Actually the doctors were telling us her cancer was in remission and felt hopeful that she would survive. The vision was in black and white and the two angelic figures in this vision were ghostly in appearance, or i should say, i could see through them. They had no wings and their clothing looked like long floor length gowns. Their hair was shoulder length. The gowns had a strap or belt at the waist. I could not tell if they were male of female and could not clearly see faces.    ",,U.S. Citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",Junio,Self Em,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
1337,ME ,1325,15,,F,"THIS IS THE OPENING PARAGRAPH OF A BOOK IM WRITING: I was going on fifteen when the Creator of the universe decided to zap me, at a junior high Bible study I\xe2\x80\x99d gone to for purely social reasons. (I\xe2\x80\x99d known I was gay for about a year, but\xe2\x80\x94happily\xe2\x80\x94the process of chasing girls wasn\xe2\x80\x99t really any different from what most of my friends were doing to chase boys.) After a half hour or so of chips and dip, Hawaiian Punch, and awkward attempts to impress our newfound objects of desire, we giggly adolescents settled down in our classmate\xe2\x80\x99s living room, and the Presbyterian minister began a simple talk about the parable of the sower. A few minutes into it, suddenly a huge presence\xe2\x80\x94way too big and powerful to be a product of my imagination\xe2\x80\x94was lifting me up and showing me, in a blinding flash of light and truth, that everything on Earth was contained within a sort of giant aquarium, which was itself part of a larger world where everything was filled with love and light. Suspended, just for an instant, above the sofas and chairs and paintings, I knew everything was going to be OK, and that nothing earthly was really very important in itself, due to the planet\xe2\x80\x99s position as a world within a larger world. A minute or two later, I tuned back in to the minister\xe2\x80\x99s talk, and he was on the last category of the sower\xe2\x80\x99s seed, that which fell on the good soil and yielded a hundredfold crop. This made my brain feel like it was going to explode with joy.     ",,US citize,"100,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",docto,ninth g,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1338,ME ,1036,17,,M,"I was one with the loving fabric of the universe and all that existed within it. I was also a bit psychic. Not in the sense that I could perceive the thoughts of others, but I could definitely sense the emotions and being and character of others. It was absolutely blissful.    ",,USA    Q.,"251,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,High sc,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1339,OBE,1499,4,,F,"My experience is difficult to define, the feeling of being in a heavenly place cannot be defined. I knew it was euphoric, a continuous euphoria. I know one day I will return there. I look forward to it with longing. I do not fear death. I also know that I have a purpose. I do not remember what that purpose is. It baffles me. I believe I have lived before. I have no recollection of past lives, but I definitely believe God sent me back, I believe I was angry about that for I know how challenging life on earth is. I do believe everyones life has a purpose, it is not random. I have had a very difficult, and challenging life. I have struggled more than most, so I find it difficult to understand what my purpose is.    ",,Im a US c,1 2000,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,none,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1340,DEE,1515,4,,F,"I think I learned that the life i was living there, at that time, was not permanent. I developed ways to cope with my Moms constant anger etc. I somehow knew that i would find love and that my life would get better. It was very very difficult to survive and develop my own internal support system.    ",,citizen U,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I was a,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1341,DEE,1353,19,,M,The voice belongs to the Holy Spirit of God. The 3 communications from the voice are parts of the one event of answering my question regarding my next move in promoting greater peace in our world.    ,,U.S.    Q,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,medical,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1342,ME ,1361,26,,F,My friends were pouring oil over me anointing me. I had prayed before going to bed that night that God would some how make something in me occur so that I could have faith. One of my friends had a such a deep faith in God and Jesus yet she had no evidence at all because her life was hard. Very difficult circumstances yet she continued to believe in Gods love for her. I thought to myself that I would like to have some of that faith because I admired it. But I knew I didnt have it. So I asked God for it. I said God if you are real please provide me with a bit of faith so that I might believe in you as well.    ,,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,I had j,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1343,DEE,1251,40,,F,"My experience happened approximately 2 weeks after Sept 11, 2001. I had been meditating in bed and felt myself drift off. My now ex-husband was sleeping next to me. Suddenly there was a bright light surrounding me. I could not see anything but gold light. The brightness of the light began to dim so I could open my eyes. When I did, there was a beautiful Michael Angelo angel with me. It was very large, probably a good 7 feet with huge wings and a face that was so serene. It was the most beautiful face Ive seen. And filled with such kindness. I felt like I was in a huge warm wave because the vibration surrounding me was like being rocked by a gentle tide while lying in a boat. It was beyond comforting. The angle knew that I was very upset about the direction of humanity after 911 and told me, not with spoken words, but with telepathic words, that everything would be ok and that I needed to keep reminding people what brought us to that point. I needed to speak of bring love and not focus on hate or enemies. The angel told me it knew I felt very alone but to remember that I was not and that I should keep putting out the message of love. It touched my face and then it slowly vanished. I was sitting up in my bed and tears were streaming down my face and I cant even describe how I felt because there are no words...but I was the most comforted I had ever been in my life and felt like I belonged to God and the universe.    ",,Legal Cit,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,RN/mass,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1344,ME ,1294,61,,F,"During the summer of 2006, Hank and I were at an outdoor party at a swim club in Basking Ridge, New Jersey. We had met this group of people the year before, so they were new to us. It was a sunny day and I was talking to a very suntanned man everyone called Mike the Painter, to distinguish him, I suppose, from all the other Mikes. While I was talking to Mike, his whole face suddenly turned a deathly gray color. It happened in a snap, as if you turned on a light and boom! I guess it was shocking to see because my brain took a couple of seconds before I realized that his face had changed to gray. His face was gray for several seconds and then it snapped back to his normal tan color. I stood there staring at him. I dont remember what he was saying. I do not drink or do drugs. After that happened and in the next day or two, I remember thinking about Mikes face and wondering if it did indeed turn gray. I couldnt believe I saw his whole face a gray color. I tried to disbelieve this experience had happened to me. I tried to deny that his face had turned gray. But every time I tried to deny it, I kept affirming that I did indeed see that Mikes face instantly turned gray, stayed gray for several seconds, then instantly turned back to tan. Since Im a visual person and a visual artist, I couldnt deny that I saw his face was gray because my mind sort of takes a picture of it and, also, I was able to call it up in my memory and I would see it again, so I couldnt really deny the gray color. I ended up believing that this happened, even if I didnt understand why it happened or why I saw it. A day or two later I understood what I saw and why I saw it. Mike was a heavy smoker. He was usually smoking a cigarette whenever I saw him. I believed that God wanted me to warn Mike to stop smoking or hell pass at a young age. I waited a whole year before I got up the courage to tell Mike. I didnt want this new group of friends to think I was a religious zealot or crazy. So that summer I went up to Mike and told him what I saw and that I was meant to pass this warning to him. I apologized if he thought I was a zealot but Mike stopped me and said he was Catholic and believed that people see signs from God. He said he wasnt going to stop smoking and thanked me for telling him. I saw Mike every summer for a few years after that time and noticed that he was still smoking. Hank and I have since changed our summer plans so I dont expect to see Mike at that location again.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1345,OBE,1007,5,,F,I just remember how pleasant it was. It was something I enjoyed doing.     ,,U.S.    Q,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,avera,none,"100,000+",docto,I was 5,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
1346,ME ,1015,48,,M,I felt the utmost gratitude and humility when caring for my beloved father during his final weeks. The peace which I have carried with me from this experience remains.    ,,Australia,1 mill,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",High,self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1347,ME ,1036,17,,M,"I was one with the loving fabric of the universe and all that existed within it. I was also a bit psychic. Not in the sense that I could perceive the thoughts of others, but I could definitely sense the emotions and being and character of others. It was absolutely blissful.    ",,USA    Q.,"251,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,High sc,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1348,ADC,1172,54,,F,"While drifting off to sleep, a man appeared at the foot of my bed, dressed in an old uniform, which I later discovered was an army uniform, and he was smiling and looked happy. He obviously wanted me to see him, as he just stood there, and I said, What are you doing here? And I was totally calm, not scared at all, and then he faded away. My husband in the next room heard what I had said and shouted back, What? And I answered, oh, nothing and I knew that something significant had happened, but didnt know for sure what. The next day, I asked my mother and sister if my Uncle Dan had ever served in the army, and the answer was yes. I really believe that Dan appeared to me because I am receptive to these kinds of experiences, and because he wanted my mother to know that he was o.k., in his young body, and no longer afflicted by the physical problems he had before he died. I thought then that the real purpose of his visit was so that my mother could tell his wife, who still survived, that he was o.k. My mother never did tell her, as she was not a believer of these kinds of things. My mother passed away recently, and Dans daughter, my cousin, sent me a card that stated that her dad adored my mother, his little sister. I now know that purpose of his visit was not so that his wife would know that he was o.k., but so that his sister, whom he adored, would know that he was o.k.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Counsel,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1349,OBE,1142,27,,F,"I suddenly found myself out of my body looking at myself on the couch sleeping, I walked around the apartment and kept referring back to myself on the couch just to check for security for some reason it was comforting to know I was there even if I wasnt completely inside of myself any longer. I went into the bathroom in this spirit form and saw a great statue perched on the closed toilet seat that looked like a statue but I didnt realize it was the angel of death but either way I didnt feel any fear from it. I saw some mini creatures that were about 2-3 feet in size going into the drain of the bathtub happily and willingly and as the approached the drain they would spin as if being flushed and I could see this great release on their faces and wanted to experience that same release too. So I decided to follow them and the moment I willingly resigned my soul for it to be permitted to be flushed down the bathtub drain I felt for the first time complete separation of myself from something that had always been with me but because I had never been without it I didnt know I had always had it...that was this connection to God. It was only in that vortex that I immediately knew I had made a mistake by stepping into that bathtub drain and called out to God and asked him to take me back to my body on the couch over and over but the tunnel vortex thing I was in spinning inside of and going deeper felt so isolated and I felt so alone and felt that my pleading and cries couldnt even be heard from God. Then the angel I had seen perched on top of the toilet next to the bathtub swooped down and caught me as I was decending in the vortex and I began to justify myself to God asking why would you permit the angel of death to personally escort me to Hell I am not a bad person? I didnt know God had heard my cries finally I saw myself ascending through the floor boards of my apartment and the angel just rolled my spirit like a basketball down the angels arms and back into my body exactly as I was when I left it on the couch. The moment I was rolled out of the angels arms and placed back in my body I instantly opened my eyes and inhaled my life back into me and I knew that I had died for a short while but I didnt know exactly how it had happened. I stayed in that posistion awake asking God if I had had a heart attack or something...this experience changed my outlook on life.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,undec,avera,"25,000 49",docto,graduat,,single,single,Yes,undecided    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1350,ADC,1497,23,,M,see # 8 above    ,,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1351,ME ,1342,67,,F,"I observed an average looking man resting on an embankment near me. there were no sounds, just an awareness in my mind that I loved him more than anything, and I felt he loved me the same way; again, nothing sexual... just the agape love    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,medical,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1352,OBE,1410,22,,F,"It really happened very very quickly. One minute I was watching tv and then I believe I had fallen asleep. All of a sudden I felt myself come out of my body and in a flash, my spirit, or whatever you want to call it, was out of my body, across the room, in front of the television. I saw the television and then I was just there, right in front of it. It was still on but I cant recall what was showing at the time this happened, I just know it was on and I could see it. I remember feeling this amazing sense of freedom and that I could go anywhere I wanted, as quickly as I wanted. I looked at the hotel room door and thought to myself, I want to go out there, see how far I can go like this. It was a very very pleasant and unbelievably exciting feeling, but I was also scared.  In that instant while I was looking at the door thinking about going further, reveling in this sense of freedom, speed and excitement, I suddenly I heard a voice (it wasnt a voice like we speak in the literal world, it was a voice that I could identify as male, I think, but instead of speaking out loud, it was like a knowledge in my head. Its hard to convey this correctly) saying If you want this to stop, you have to wake up now. I heard it and was still looking at the door. The voice/knowledge again said Sally, if you want this to stop you have to wake up NOW! with heavy heavy emphasis on the word NOW.  This time I listened and the next thing I knew, I was back in my body, sitting up and sucking in a HUGE gulp of air as if I hadnt taken a breath in a very long time, the same way you would if you were holding your breath under water for as long as you could stand and then surfaced. I was so scared of what I had just experienced I ran to the min-refrigerator, grabbed one of the beers from the six pack i had bought earlier, along with my cigarettes, and went outside where I drank the entire beer and smoked probably 4 cigarettes in a row. I was TERRIFIED to go back to sleep. I truly felt like I was going crazy and imagining what had just happened to me. When I finally went back to my room I stayed up as long as I could because I was afraid to go back to sleep and that it would happen again. At the time, I didnt want it to happen ever again. I finally did go back to sleep and slept peacefully the remaining few hours I had left before my flight. It has never happened to me again. I will be 40 this September, so its been almost 18 years since this happened and it has never happened to me again.    ",,US    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,moder,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Active,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1353,ME ,1128,53,,M,I observed that he could be up to ten feet away and the effect was still present. I felt nothing other than his concern about being unable to control his shaking. I heard nothing. What I learned was that over time he was able to have his medication reduced due to his apparent improvement.    ,,Australia,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Other,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Electro,,divor,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
1354,ME ,1267,7,,F,"I was walking alone in the woods, following an animal trail. I suddenly became hyper-aware of everything around me. I was flooded by an all-pervading presence of light, which left me astutely aware of how everything was connected....One. I saw myself, each step, as impacting everything around me that sent a wave through everything because I was completely connected with everything. With that, I became aware of how carefully I should tread on the trail I was following and that it was my responsibility to take careful steps because life was everywhere. I also suddenly understood how precious and alive everything was and that even inanimate things had a form of consciousness. I continued walking and sat down with my back against a tree. I could feel the pulse of the universe running through everything around me, like a beating heart, but everything was pulsing together at the same time, in unison. Everything was also made of light. I could see with my open eyes, the light that permeated everything around me. I saw the sacredness of the grass, the animals, the trees, the dirt beneath me, the rocks. I felt a profound sense of love. It was a euphoric experience that I remember as clearly as the day it happened almost 50 years ago.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1355,ADC,1035,61,,F,"To continue the above, I knew that this had to be a sign from Herb. He was letting me know that he was around and that he was okay. I had once owned a volkswagen bug that I was fond of before I met Herb. I had told him how I missed that car. To have a volkwsagen bug in front of me with the license plate Herbie at just that time and place indicated to me that Herb was okay and was still alive in some form. I was comforted. Since then, I have had other signs from him that would be only meaningful to me, but that I know are from him.    ",,citizen,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",docto,educato,,widow,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1356,PLR,1429,26,,M,"I felt lots of love, it make me to research on reincarnation stories.    ",,I am a ci,"100,00",religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"25,000 49",some,Ladies,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1357,OBE,1133,39,,M,"The night before I had this experience was a very emotional point in my life, the world seemed so terribly unjust and cruel that I was at a breaking point, that evening when arriving home walking from my car to the front door I paused to look up into the star filled sky with tears rolling down my cheeks quietly cried Why, why, why? I could not understand how the complete innocents of this world could be treated so terribly, how children could suffer so unjustly under the hand of others. I cried to sky as the universe because I could not believe in a God and had little faith in anything spiritual, if any.  Since rejecting the belief in God at the age of about 22, I did not believe such a thing could exist, because any such God which would allow these kinds of things to happen wasnt any kind of God to me. I couldnt pray to the concept of God but the universe was real, the immense out there, the all that is was something I could pour out my heart to without needing a belief in God. That night I gave the heavens my full heart seeking an answer to that question, with all my heart tearfully pleading for the answer. The next afternoon I received an answer to that question; since we are all a part of one another we do it to ourselves.  Although the answer didnt completely make up for all of the pain, much of the edge of that pain was taken off by finally being able to understand why such terrible things could happen to others in our world, to simply understand we have the freedom of choice to do such things because in the wider perspective the reality is we are all one and in that hurting no one else other than ourselves. Because of this and this alone we are allowed the freedom to do good or evil, if we werent really one I do not believe the spiritual heart of life would allow such to occur, call that center God, the conscious collective, the collective soul or what ever name you might choose. I finally came to understand, in the end we all pay the price for any wrong as well as reap the reward for any good and this took away much of the anger I had against reality for allowing terrible things to happen to good people.  The following is how the answer came to me through a dream-vision which was the most lucid moment of my life before or since but I must also add the following; the experience and my conclusions from it are my own made from who I am as a individual and how I saw the experience. Was it really God on high I met? I thought it was but beyond my own belief I cannot say it was, perhaps I met a collective soul which was so wonderful to me I thought it was God when in fact God might be levels above, so to speak,.   The Vision: Meeting a Sun-Intelligence-God. Sun of Souls~Souls of Sun; One Spirit~One Life.  Note: This experience was no doubt individually viewed through my own shade of colored glasses, limited to my own ability to understand things at the time, how I needed to be shown who we really are. This may have been brought on by severe apnea, a problem I had where I could stop breathing for long periods of time. I believe I may have stopped breathing for far too long that afternoon and had come close to death producing this NDE-like experience. I dont really know if this was a OOBE or due to apnea, but either way, what ever caused the experience it deeply impacted my outlook on life, what and who we really are.  One warm afternoon in 1996 I took a short nap and unexpectedly awoke within my slumber to find myself in a vast void in the presence of a huge sun or sphere of light, quickly coming to the understanding that this sun was pure conscious awareness. I was completely surprised to find myself so fully conscious in this empty but light-filled void which I knew to be more real than waking reality, in this place feeling super-conscious beyond anything I had experienced before. Although the light was without any kind of visual hint of facial features, I strongly sensed it smiling nothing but love for me and through those feelings knowing an unseen face.  While in the presence of this light I immediately and fully felt it peering deeply into my own awareness, lovingly knowing everything about me all at once. Feeling such love coming from this light I suddenly came to an awareness that this sun was God! I was so overwhelmed and surprised that God was real that I mentally gasped and then yelled out, \xe2\x80\x9cYou\xe2\x80\x99re Real!\xe2\x80\x9d. Just prior to this experience I had a deep mistrust of religion and rejected the concept of any kind of God or creator, much less the idea there was any continuation for human beings beyond our physical lives. Years before this experience, I had decided for many seemingly valid reasons that religion and God were only a product of the human mind, yet there I was standing in the presence of what I knew without a doubt wa",,USA    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",Did not,Satelli,,marri,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1358,OBE,1552,9,,M,"The dream/experience seems to begin as usual but I started to notice things that I wouldnt normally catch my attention. The first item I recall was looking down at the cloverleaf intersection of the SR55 freeway (we called the Newport freeway even though its officially known as the Costa Mesa freeway) and Interstate 5. It was odd as it seemed as though it was daytime not nighttime. The next commented I made to myself was I could see the top of an apartment building nearby and the air conditioning units on the rooftop. Shortly after that point I felt or sensed something above me. A feeling of warm love and a golden light radiating from above but all around caught my attention. As it did, I slowly ascended towards this wonderful place above me but after a few moment I felt the presence of two beings. I dont seem to recall actually seeing anyone I just felt/knew they were there. There seemed to be something humorous or playful about them I want to say angels but it seems awkward to do so..... Anyway they told me I could not be there and that I had to go back, it was a little disappointing to hear but I didnt feel bad. I agreed after a bit and started to head down and when I felt there attention drift I turned back and headed towards the light. They quickly appeared or I felt them nearby and again they said I had to return. This time I, in the way of a child said, but its so wonderful I dont want too. At this, the beings, almost with a feeling of good humor and laughter said I had too! I played with them a bit trying to continue up but gave in and woke right up in bed. I knew instantly this wasnt just a dream....    ",,US citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",Some,Student,,single,widow,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1359,ADC,1405,47,,F,"I instantly told my husband My father just caressed my cheek, as I looked at the clock to see the time (4:45 approximate).    ",,U.S.    Q,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1360,OBE,1135,28,,M,"I EXPERIENCED MYSELF LOOKING DOWN AT MYSELF DRIVING MY CAR AND OUT OF BODY. I THEN EXPERIENCED A HAND PLANTING A SEED THAT BLOOMS QUIKCLY INTO A SUNFLOWER THAT THEN SPOINS AND AS THE STALK DROPS AWAY A GLOBE FORMS UNDER IT AND STARTS TO SPIN AND THEN ALL THE SEEDS IN THE HEAD OF THE SUNFLOWER SHOOT OUT IN THIER HELICAL PATTERN AND WRAP THE GLOBE, NOW THE EARTH IN SEEDS OF LIGHT. THEN I WAS BACK IN THE CAR ADN THEN BACK AT HOME. IT TOOK MY MOTHER SEVERAL DAYS TO CONVINCE ME SHE WAS NOT WITH ME IN THE CAR. SHE WAS THE FIRST PERSON I ENCOUNTERED AFTER, UPON ARRICING AT MY HOUSE A FEW BLOCKSD AWAY. IT TTOK A LOPN LONG TIME TO INTEGRATE IT AND I WAS VERY OVERWHELMED. I CAME TO THE CONCLUSION THAT god WAS TRYING TO GIVE ME A KICK IN THE ASS AND SAY YOU ARE ON THE WRONG PATH AND **this ** IS THE REAL THING    ",,American,"251,00",spiritual,atheist,Other,Other,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",High,STRUGGL,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1361,ADC,1106,16,,F,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1362,ADC,1134,33,,F,I did so on question 3.    ,,USA citiz,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio,housewi,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1363,ME ,1496,28,,M,"In the dream, I was sitting looking into a room through a scrim of some sort so I could see but not be seen. Next to me was my wife at the time. Everything was suffused with a gold light and in the room ahead I could see a body lying on a bier. My wife said, Look, youre dead. I said, No, Im just sleeping. There seemed to be no contradiction at the time to being the observer of my body in the other room. She said, Look at the people. Indeed, there were people walking by the bier and I could see by their faces they were there paying their last respects. It struck me then that I had indeed died. I was almost immediately filled with enormous pain, sorrow and regret. I had all kinds of things I still planned to do. If I were to die there were people I wanted to say goodbye to but the time had passed. I could not go back or speak to any of the people in the other room in any way they could understand. The pain and regret lasted perhaps 20 minutes (in dream time) and my companion waited patiently until I was ready to move on. During those 20 minutes all the prior things that had seemed so important just faded away. I was now on a new and different journey where nothing of my previous life was important or relevant any more. I was not ready to move on, but I awoke with all Id seen. The dream is still vivid and relevant to me.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,mechani,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1364,OBE,1054,27,,F,"my consciousness popped out of my body and up over the SUV. I was floating about three feet above the roof. I could see the burgundy color, along with the four metal strips that were supposed to pass for a luggage rack. I took a greater interest in the lush trees and foliage to my right as the SUV continued along the bridge and the land dropped away. With just the slightest desire to have a closer look, I plunged over the side of the bridge and followed the tree line all the way down to the river, a considerable drop of 876 feet. I could see every leaf, every detail. As I skimmed over the water, I could see every rock beneath its surface. Then I headed back up the other side, keeping pace with the SUV my body still resided in. I came along side the vehicle, but I was still curious about the landscape, so I willed myself to separate from the SUV and go off on my own. I had no fear of doing this. I did not feel any excitement or anxiety. I only felt peace, joy and fascination. As I continued to float along the tops of the trees, however, they began to change. They no longer looked like earthly trees. The greens became iridescent, billowing, undulating. Then other colors were added to the greens \xe2\x80\x93 otherworldly colors that glowed as if lit from behind by the sun.  Then the SUV\xe2\x80\x99s driver spoke, and like a shot, I was back in my body. I instantly sat up in my chair and swatted his arm. \xe2\x80\x9cWhy did you have to talk??!\xe2\x80\x9d I asked with just a touch of irritation. He and his wife looked at me as if I had lost my mind until I explained what had happened. They are open-minded spiritual people, and they believed me.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,Graphic,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1365,DEE,1420,15,,M,"On the third day in the hospital, the day I had planned to end my life, I spent the only night of my treatment without a roommate. In hindsight, however, I know that I was not alone that evening. During a period of intense reflection, I decided to open the Bible that was provided in each room. I casually flipped through the pages and eventually turned to the back cover where someone had scribbled a few of their favorite verses, one of which was Ecclesiastes 7:17. I immediately located chapter 7 / verse 17 in the very top right corner of the page, next to the page number of 717, where the number 717 was scratched in pen directly above the page number. I was strangely comforted and terrified simultaneously as I read the words, \xe2\x80\x9cBe not over much wicked; neither be thou foolish. Why shouldest thou die before thy time.\xe2\x80\x9d The rest of the chapter proceeds to advise the reader against submitting to the extremes of both righteousness and wickness, foolishness and wisdom, and purity and profane. Ill always have a physical monument of this miraculous affirmation of Gods love for me because, like the heathen I am, I took advantage of my lone solitary evening in the hospitial to secretly remove the passage which I carry on my person to this day.  Though I did not realize it until ten years after the fact, this was a covenent with God that was initiated before I ever even entered the hospital. Shortly before I plotted my suicide and entered the hospital, I had carved a cross into my chest and filled it with black ink as I selfishly pleaded with God to end my girlfriends unintended pregnancy. At the age of fifteen, my shortsighted naivity deluded my judgment into thinking this child would mark the end of my existence. Shortly thereafter, my girlfriend miscarried an innocent life whose destiny was not its own. I had desperately pleaded with God to change the course of my life and received more than I bargained for when, to my surprise, our covenent was sealed during that third evening in that hospital. The undoubted reason that God used the trifect appearance of 717 to get my attention is because 717 indicates the month and day of my birth on July 17, 1987. It was through this miracle that God sealed our first covenant with the symbol of 717. Little did I know, this was only the beginning of a wealth of revelations that have continued to unfold through the present day.    ",,United St,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I was 1,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1366,ME ,1551,25,,M,I explained everything in detail in the previous section.    ,,Iranian n,"100,00",atheist,spiritual,Muslim,Muslim,,,weekly,never,moder,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1367,DEE,1124,47,,M,"Testimony on God\xe2\x80\x99s Power As revealed to Conrad February 5, 2007, 6:25AM to 9:25AM Introduction My name is Conrad; I was born in the Philippines and was raised in a Roman Catholic family. I was an altar boy during my Catechism years. I\xe2\x80\x99ve read the bible twice from cover to cover when I was young and every time I get to the crucifixion part, I cried. Some parts of the bible I would easily understand, but I also got confused in others. As I grew up a verse from the bible kept playing in my mind. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know which part of the bible it came from but it went like this \xe2\x80\x9cSeek ye first the Kingdom of God \xe2\x80\xa6.\xe2\x80\x9d and that is what I did. I went about seeking the Kingdom of God, read many books of different titles and pretty soon I discovered the wonders of Science and how it can reasonably explain things that I didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand. The more science books I read the more convinced I was that things that were once mysterious can be scientifically explained and verified. I\xe2\x80\x99ve always believed in proving things undoubtedly before I believed it and accepted it. I only wanted to believe in known and proven facts.  And so I went through College and read even more books and gained more knowledge. I excelled in class but not good enough to have any honors because of my laziness and procrastination. You see, I would do well in exams, in fact I\xe2\x80\x99d be top in exams but not accomplish my homework or lab works so I also had grades that were just average. As my learning progressed I discovered that I didn\xe2\x80\x99t need God to have a life or to live my life. I believed this with conviction and even had a theory that men created God and not the other way around. I wrote a thesis on how during the early stages of evolution men might have created God because there were many things they didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand or were unable to explain. They attributed those things to an all knowing creator and consequently created a God. A friend of mine presented it as an English class project and almost got kicked out by the instructor. (That\xe2\x80\x99s how blasphemous it appeared but when you think deeper you can discern that men if left alone will instinctively seek God. We are the only creation that actively seek and try to understand our origins.) I went on with my life for years not believing or needing God until I got married to my wife Elisa in 1986 when we were both working in the Middle East. Our marriage did not give a child for almost five years. We went to see doctors and specialists in hospitals and clinics but we were unsuccessful. A surgery for me and standard medical procedures done for my wife did not result in conception. I desperately wanted a child and I would do anything to have one. I started wondering \xe2\x80\x9cAm I being punished for not believing in God?\xe2\x80\x9d Despite all these disappointments, we continued seeing fertility specialists. We also had Artificial Insemination in the United Arab Emirates and the Philippines. In December 1989, we went back to the Philippines for a much needed month long vacation. And one Sabbath day in January 1990, at the Manila Center (an SDA church in Manila, Philippines), a pastor from California was leading a service and he had a sermon about the earth being like a washing machine for dirty souls. He said \xe2\x80\x9cThe Earth is used by God to wash and clean souls to make them fit to go to heaven and live with God.\xe2\x80\x9d It opened my mind and I understood then why I needed God in my life. I wept and cried uncontrollably. It caught the Pastor\xe2\x80\x99s attention and I guess he pitied my poor soul so much that he gave me his Bible and even signed it. That night I prayed hard, a really sincere prayer to God and I asked Him to give me a child. \xe2\x80\x9cGod\xe2\x80\x9d I prayed \xe2\x80\x9cIf you are a real God, and really powerful God, give me a child and I will convert to the Seventh Day Adventist Church.\xe2\x80\x9d Back to the UAE on February 1990, my wife tested positive for pregnancy and in November 29, 1990, our daughter Ari was born. I thought about my promise to God and the implications of that promise. My parents and siblings, my Catholic friends would hate me I thought, I would miss food that I grew accustomed to eating. I cringed at these possibilities and so I kept living my life the way I wanted and I justified my actions with some semi-scientific reasoning to deny God\xe2\x80\x99s blessing of a daughter for my wife and me. Fast forward to 2007, we have since moved to the US, we\xe2\x80\x99ve lived in Boca Raton, Florida, New Orleans, LA and presently, The Woodlands, TX. I have long stopped attending regular church services but I have reluctantly attended worship services at the SDA church. I have to be dragged out of the",,Naturaliz,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Compute,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1368,OBE,1480,51,,M,observed a radiating light with darkness surrounding it-Could not describe in words the ultra reality and love from the entity/soul-If I had to stay in that place forever Iwould not have minded it was all I could ever want in terms of the feeling of love etc. I felt it coming from that being it was so real it was as though the feeling was solid? more real than any feeling in the physical world.    ,,Australia,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",colle,Aquariu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1369,OBE,1002,32,,M,"Once I blacked out I saw myself from behind. I physically was standing behind myself. I felt whole and yet completely detached form my body, completely aware of what was happening. I saw my friend shaking me, call out to his wife and could see her in the kitchen which I could not have done from the vantage of sitting on the sofa. I felt whole but less substance, hard to explain but teh only way I can explain, like I was whole but did not feel the weight of me or my body. When I came back to my body and woke up i experience a loud pop and then my eyes opened and I took in a large gasp of air, got up and felt ok more or less minus the soreness from coughing. No headache nothing    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Prefer no,Unity,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",maste,non pro,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1370,NDE,1052,42,,F,"As I was holding my son I began praying (to a God that I hoped existed although I certainly was not sure actually did...too much scientist in me). As I held him and prayed I became keenly aware of this dark presence following quickly behind my son and me. This awareness was not in real time but still, an intense awareness of this strong force. I began having chills and intestinal disturbances and felt true terror. As I felt this force nearing both of us and about to encircle us. I was very aware that this force was actually the dark angel of death. My prayer changed from please God, allow my son to live to God, if you have to take him then he is your child not mine. And I am aware that I am your child as well and you will have to help me. At that precise moment I felt a shift in my sons breathing. In the upper left corner of the room I became aware of a brilliant and luminescent light. This light slowly grew and filled the upper quadrant of the darkened room. I honestly thought that I was having a stress induced migraine and was having an aura. However, when I turned my head the aura did not follow with my movements. The light remained in that left upper corner of the room. The brightness of it grew and grew and enlarged to where it filled the room. I tried to look at the light but it was too bright. The light was the most brilliant and beautiful light that I have even seen. I had never (and still have never) seen anything like it. It was more than light...like it had consistancy. And then this incredible awareness occurred and my thought was oh my God, its God. And in that moment I becamse aware that God was/is more real than anything else that I had ever seen or known. My perception of God changed in that instance from my being a skeptic to the assurance that God is a definite and known entity. It was as real as anything that I have ever seen. I felt bathed in this glow and felt warmed....held and loved. Im not sure how long this lasted but slowly the light rescended but the awareness did not. The feeling that I had was the peace that surpasses all understanding. I knew that my son was going to be fine. My chills disappeared and I felt no more worry or anxiety. The doctors continued to check on my son and finally an hour after the light appeared they came in and said we think that hes turned the corner. I felt like they sure got the news on a delayed schedule. For a long time I felt that I was having some stress response to my sons health crisis but the knowing has never receded. Ive ever since referred to this as my near death experience by proxy. My son improved and was released from the hospital several days later. That event still is vivid and real in my mind like it happened yesterday. The awareness and belief from that experience has continued on to this day.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Physica,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1371,ADC,1079,58,,M,"My wife of 35 years passed away unexpectedly in her sleep 8-5-11. 28 days after she left as I was laying in bed reading the bible, I turned out the light and heard her voice tell me she loved me and said I hope you fell better. I then felt a great rush of pure joy and love rush through my body. I was not completely asleep because I looked at the clock when I turned out the light and I looked also after she spoke to me and no time had passed.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,self em,,widow,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1372,OBE,1229,44,,M,"Almost immediately after taking the divine plant I began to fall out of my body. It was a wholly new sensation for me. After years of pursuing the actual out of body occurrence it was nothing as I had imagined it to be. There is noting that can compare one for the actual sensation. During numerous mediations I had always imagined myself rising above my body to look down and view myself. But this is not what actually happened. I actually fell into myself. I literally fell out of myself and by falling inside myself. And then instantly found myself floating above my body laying on the bed. The experience of being pulled out of the body was not an unpleasant sensation rather it was the first time to feel it and all firsts are usually associated with some fear. In this case it happened so fast and the train I was on had no exit routes, so I was on it for the duration. Once I was above my body the experience was quite pleasant. I was amazed at how I looked. I also notice the family cat was aware of my presence which I found quite interesting as it gazed upon my astral body. Just as I was becoming acquainted with my new surroundings I was yanked yet again in another direction at an astounding rate through a tunnel towards a light. Upon reaching the end of the tunnel I seemed to be deposited on the other side of a threshold. This place was completely and utterly spectacular. I was suddenly connected to everything was the feeling I remember most. I only needed to think of something and the associated response was with me. The communication was so much different here. I wasnt thinking in words but pictures associated with strong feelings and emotions. And I was like a newborn. I had very little experience in this new environment. It was very much a fish out of water experience. The thing that left the most lasting impression on me was this. I was able to look back on where I had just come from. The physical world. It was close. I could perceive it clearly as if it were a separate dimension but very close. I began to focus on the edges of it as it didnt seem to be wholly formed yet. The colors were so vibrant and alive.  So organic. The edges looked like caviar. And It came into me that I was perceiving the physical on a molecular level. I was so amazed. Then suddenly it came through me like a lightening bolt. These molecules perceived me. They were aware I was looking at them. Communication!! Images and information passed at an alarming rate. I was aware of the rythme and reason for everything coming into being. It filled me with a sense of joy I had never felt before. I laughed. I knew what life really was. These small bits of life....molecules...all formed based on collective thoughts. We all were creating everyday. We just didnt realize how powerful our thoughts we were. Then I was aware of a presence behind me. It was so brite and so large. My first thoughts were not of intrigue but of how small and dim I was. And just this tiny bit of hesitation flooded me with thoughts of....had I killed myself. Suddenly I was flooded with thoughts of fear. I wanted to know if I was alive. I yearned to feel my body again. So I prayed to feel my body again. And I was propelled in that direction. It was not an easy maneuver. It took some time to anchor myself in my body but it was accomplished. I had set up a timer on the side of the night stand. Total duration was 15 minutes. It had felt like an eternity. There was actually no sensation of time where I had gone. It did not exist.     ",,US citize,"251,00",spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Junio,Produce,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1373,DEE,1505,37,,M,"My wife was the one who was taking the pictures and one of them, maybe one of the last ones ( we were returning home because the night was approaching) suddenly shows this incredible light!! Really incredible! We se it right away through the camera screen. My wife right away called me to show it.    ",,Portugues,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,I breed,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1374,ADC,1146,41,,F,"An orb of very bright light very abruptly came down from the sky and settled on the empty front passenger seat of my minivan. It was so bright I could not look directly at it. I heard my fathers voice say, I will take care of your mother. Then it was instantly gone. I was so upset I cried the rest of the way to the school, about 5 minutes. Two days later my mothers only remaining brother passed away very unexpectedly.    ",,United St,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,chemica,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1375,DEE,1298,41,,F,"I woke up and told my husband I needed to go to my sons grave, he assured me everything was fine and that he would drive me down to the cemetary early in the morning. I lied awake all night waiting for morning to come, finally we got to the cemetary and I couldnt believe my eyes!  The cemetary workers had dug a grave next to my sons grave, but it was so close to his that you could almost see my sons coffin, it was as if the body that was being buried there was practically in the same grave. Seeing the depth of the grave and how close it was to my sons was unbelievable just like in my dream accept to the side of my sons grave. My sons flowers and things were thrown further up away from his grave, I was furious, that my son was being disturbed.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Self-Em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1376,NDE,1416,75,,M,After going to hospital and waiting in the emergency room for several hours they finally let me back into the emergency room. The nurse typing on her computer said well Mr. Snyder it is not a stroke or a heart attack. We think she will be fine. I turned to give my wife a cheer and she was staring into space. She never said a word or changed expression with eyes wide open. No reflects of and kind when I grabbed her hand and held it. They called neurologist after about and hour and he said he thought she had a brain stem stroke. We sat and watched her systems shut down and after arriving at 10:30 at night she passed at 8:30 the next morning. No words were ever spoken than I am going home and do not take me to hospital. Do you think she had a vision that she was going home. Or in my view she was going to heaven. After reading Dr. Alexanders book Proof of Heaven    ,,Citizen U,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",docto,College,,marri,widow,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1377,OBE,1160,32,,F,"Suddenly everything disappeared. It was as though a rent was made in the universe and I saw the other side. But I dont know how to explain what I saw an open clarity, maybe, with no detail present. If there had been a color, it would have been gold, but I dont remember a color. What I experienced was an overwhelming ecstacy. I experienced a feeling, a consciousness that wasnt mine. In fact, I wasnt there. I had no sense of me, just this incredible, ultra real joy. The inability of sensing me scared me so badly I stopped all movement, and instantly I was back on the mat. The event lasted nanoseconds. Maybe just one. But it was so very much more real than anything I had ever experienced. But I experienced the same thing again a few months later. Exactly like the first one Im describing here. Exactly. (Both times as a brown belt in Aikido.) I have no problems appreciating what Dr. Alexander went through. Especially the reality of his experience. I know well that this life we live is a shadow to that.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Radiolo,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1378,OBE,1500,39,,M,    ,,Born in t,2001 2,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,avera,littl,"50,000 99",maste,For the,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1379,DEE,1260,32,,F,"Other than the above information, I felt very comforted.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales f,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1380,ADC,1530,42,,F,Please see answer question 8    ,,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Directo,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1381,ME ,1165,13,,F,"I, once again, knew I was part of something much larger than myself and the people and circumstances below. It filled me in some way that allowed me to feel comforted rather than continuing to feel so alone. And then it was over.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Outside,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1382,ME ,1427,61,,F,I felt at peace and thought that it was nice that Jesus was with me. I never thought that I wouldnt be ok.    ,,us    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,teacher,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1383,NDE,1117,30,,M,"I was walking along a road. It was not paved, but a gravel path, very nicely maintained with beautiful flowers along the sides. The road started in a valley and went up a hill towards a very beautiful mansion or palace with a gate in front of it. It was far off in the distance from where I began to walk, I can\xe2\x80\x99t say how far exactly. On either side of the road, the land sloped away sharply, like going off a cliff, so if one fell off the road, one would land in a deep, dark pit. From the pit one could hear sounds of agony, wailing, and lamenting from human beings who were down there. Some tried to claw their way up and grab at me on the road, but I knew they could not actually reach me. I was a little afraid at first, as I knew this to be the pit of hell. The road was not narrow, however, so there was no danger of me falling off the road. I began walking towards the gate, all the while the lost souls wailing until I got near to the gate. Close to the gate, they were no longer around. The mansion was very beautiful. The whole environment was other-worldly, somehow glittering and radiant. I knew I was on another plane, no longer on Earth. I could hear the gentle music of stringed instruments in the background, very soothing and lovely. Eventually I started nearing the gate of the mansion or palace. The mansion was actually quite far from the gate, but one could see radiant beings behind the gate going about their daily activities. Some were carrying baskets with flowers and all were going about their daily routine. There was complete unity and love there, unlike the way people on Earth behave. It was serene and peaceful, just a wonderful place, and I really wanted so much to go inside. There were four winged angels guarding the gate on the outside, two on each side, and as I approached, they moved together and crossed their arms, blocking my entry. They were radiant beings, clearly not human. They were so very kind, but were not going to let me in, although they did not say anything to that effect. There was so much joy and peace there, I tried to get by them, when a group of beings from inside approached the gate to talk to me. An elderly \xe2\x80\x9cgentleman\xe2\x80\x9d (not a human being) with white hair spoke to me. Although he was right in front of me, his voice sounded like he was very, very far away. It was almost like I was hearing an echo of something said in the distance. He said I would be there at a point in time, but not yet, that my mission was incomplete and that I still had a lot more to accomplish. He was very kind and spoke gently to me, absolutely convincing me that I could not get in. Until this moment, I had really not thought about anything relating to my earthly life, although I knew who I was. I was dressed as I was the day of the accident. When he told me that I could not enter, only then did I start to try to think about what had really happened to me and what was going on. I thought it odd that I was the only person around and there were no dogs or other animals. As I was considering all this, I left that place. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know if I actually regained consciousness at that precise moment, but I suspect I did. I did not recognize any people whom I knew previously who had died. I also did not know any of the people in the pit.    ",,Ghana,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,I was a,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1384,OBE,1480,51,,M,observed a radiating light with darkness surrounding it-Could not describe in words the ultra reality and love from the entity/soul-If I had to stay in that place forever Iwould not have minded it was all I could ever want in terms of the feeling of love etc. I felt it coming from that being it was so real it was as though the feeling was solid? more real than any feeling in the physical world.    ,,Australia,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",colle,Aquariu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1385,ME ,1195,60,,F,"It was an experience that lasted, perhaps 4 or 5 seconds, that parallels Dr. Alexanders description of his experience in his coma. I was in what I believe was the thin space between awakening and perhaps dreaming (or perhaps oxygen deprivation through Apnea or astral travel?) when I became conscious of the feeling of experiencing everything in the Universe all at once. (My best description of the event.) It was delightful and happy and amazing and as I became conscious, I tried to go back to sleep so that I could enjoy more of this. However, I knew without a doubt, that it was not a dream, that it was nothing I had ever experienced before, that it was unexplainable, and I was in the middle of it.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Busines,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1386,ME ,1127,51,,F,See above.    ,,I am a U.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1387,DEE,1158,9,,M,"As the night passed I would fall into and out of sleep, waking when I became cold with chills or hot from the fever. At one point during the night I had awoken again from the fever and at that time I became more aware that my illness was worse, much worse than my parents had originally thought. I definitely dont believe my parents were aware of just how ill I was because had they know they would have taken me to a doctor. At this point when I awoke from the fever I was delirious again and wanted to get up and wake my parents to tell them how sick I was but I didnt have the strength to get up or yell for them. I was very distressed by this time as I just intuitively knew I was very ill and I needed help, but was helpless as I could not speak let alone get up to tell my parents. Just as I thought my fever couldnt get any worse and as I laid helpless in my bed a white-golden light started to appear to my left and I turned my eyes to see this white-golden light begin to form against the wall. This white-golden light began to take shape until it became three separate beings, all bathed in the white-golden light they formed from, a white-golden light that seemed to dance all around them. They did not speak, they did not look directly at me, but instead they stood silently with heads bowed. I do remember they were all dressed in what I can only describe as a monks robe, with the hood and large sleeves. As soon as I saw the beings of light I immediately began to feel better, I no longer felt feverish, my aches stopped and my strength was coming back. Prior to that moment I was feeling the worse I had all night and my fever and delirium still had a grip on me, yet the moment I began to see the beings forming my fever dissipated and the delirium went away. Once the beings were fully formed my thinking was completely clear again, no delirium and my fever and aches were gone. The overwhelming feeling of complete serenity, peace and calm came over me, I was not afraid of the beings in the least and instinctively knew they were there for me, then just as suddenly as the golden beings of light had appeared they faded away.    ",,American,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,"None, I",,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1388,OBE,1039,16,,F,"as described above. I was in the room, hovering, saw the room, floated above body for 2 minutes, crying out in prayer for help. was entirely amazed that the lords prayer did not work.  This proved to me that I did not believe love was stronger than fear. I had been taught too much about hell and that even though I was saved I was not truly spiritually whole. I was a mess. And went into a deep depression.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,highsch,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
1389,ADC,1055,48,,F,"All of the ADCs I experienced gave me comfort because I knew it was my mother. She could not speak to me before her passing, only I could speak to her which I did. So I knew that she wanted to let me know she was okay. We were very close as many mothers and daughters are, and I knew she was sending her love.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",docto,Doctor,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1390,ME ,1108,19,,F,"I was just riding the subway when, out of nowhere, Jesus appeared to me. It wasnt a visual appearance, but sort of in my minds eye, yet his presence was an absolute certainty to me and I could sense him very, very powerfully. He appeared to me as he is so often depicted in European paintings, with a flowing robe, long hair, and a beard but other than that he was in a place that was entirely dark. In other words, I just saw Jesus who was otherwise surrounded by blackness he was all that mattered at that moment. He spoke only once and asked a single question which I will never forget as long I as draw breathe. He asked me, Do you want me to show you how I love you? One would think that his appearance would have surprised me, but I just took it in stride and thought to myself, sure, what the heck, what have I got to lose? I was curious, so I immediately agreed, but I never said yes aloud, but somehow communicated directly and immediately. Jesus, whose arms had been at his side, wordlessly just opened his arms wide open and instantly something happened to me. Now, there are no human words to describe what I felt next. I had the sense of absolutely pure love being poured all over me from above, sort of like being baptized with pure love. It was unlike anything I had ever felt before it was not at all HUMAN love, but far more. There was no ulterior motive, no expectation, no string attached, just pure, altruistic, unadulterated love. I immediately started to just cry and I leaned my arm on the seat in front of me and hid my face so nobody could see me crying like that. (It was Christmas Day and the train was almost completely empty. The closest person to me was half a train car away from me.) The sensation was ineffable and I felt like the luckiest human being who had ever lived. I started asking Jesus questions like, Why are you showing this to me, Im unworthy, I dont deserve it. I repeated, There are people who have been religious all their lives and havent experienced this, they deserve it, not me. Things went on like this for some time, I have no idea how long. I can only say that the total ride time from where I got on to where I exited the train was about 50 minutes and the event did not start right away, but perhaps half-way through the journey. The love just kept flowing over me, but no answer to my questions came. At times, the love pouring over me and enveloping me seemed like water flowing, at another moment, it seemed like gold coins being poured over me and it just didnt end. Gradually, I stopped crying and stopped asking questions, I just relished it and continued to feel so very luck.  Eventually, I got off the train at my station. Im not sure how long I waited for my bus or if I even waited at all. The blissful state of being divinely loved took center stage and nothing else mattered at all to me. The bus took off and I started to cry again, again hiding from others. I re-asked my questions, but still no answers. Details of the bus ride are a little unclear, but I remember there was music, too. It started early in the experience and it was as if Jesus were singing a particular song to me, one that I had liked, but not thought much about. It was a popular song from the late 60s sung by Petula Clark called My Love is Warmer than the Sunshine. It was repeating constantly in my mind, as if it were Jesus trying to find an analogy that would resonate with me. Ive copied the lyrics that just kept repeating in my mind. As I heard them sung with Petulas voice, but Jesus intentions, I thought deeply about each line and could really FEEL it somehow. They were no longer just silly lyrics from a pop song, but felt experiences of the most profound type. My love is warmer than the warmest sunshine, softer than a sigh. My love is deeper than the deepest ocean, wider than the sky. My love is brighter than the brightest star that shines every night above. And there is nothing in this world that can ever change my love. I know the ride to my friends house took about 25 minutes, although I had no real sense of time during this event. At some point during the ride or shortly after I got off the bus and starting walking towards her place I began to wonder if the event was going to stop and, if it didnt, what I would do, how could I visit with my friend. It wasnt a terrible worry, it just occurred to me that I just couldnt function normally with what was happening to me. This is where the plot thickens. I began the walk to my friends home. It had snowed and there were icicles hanging from the trees. In my love-enveloped state, I began to look at world and it was not as I had ever seen it before. Somehow, I had the feeling that Jesus was showing me how he saw the world, but that was a guess, he wasnt talking. Somehow, it wasnt substantial, but rather all made of the same beauti",,USA    Q.,"50,000",atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",post,I was w,,single,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1391,SDE,1277,62,,F,"I was attending a morning funeral of my Bible Study leader, a very kind man named David C., on Saturday, March 15, 2008 at the Trinity Episcopal Church in New York. The large church was packed, as David was much beloved. He was a top executive at Citibank and many co-workers were there. David was a fairly young man at 50 when he passed suddenly of a massive heart attack while he was working out before work at his local gym. While sitting in the church listening to Davids eulogies, his beloved friend and pastor (forgot his name) got up to speak at the front of the church, with Davids coffin near him. I suddenly looked up and midway between the peoples heads and the high ceiling, I saw something that looked different. It was air. Normally, you do not see air but I saw an oval-shaped, contained body of wavy air about 6-7 feet long, hovering near the front of the church where the people were sitting. The wavy air didnt move from its position. It didnt go up or down or right or left. I didnt hear anything, taste anything or touch anything while looking at this image. I just saw it. I didnt feel anything in particular. I just stared at it, without feeling, which is how I usually react when Im witnessing a miracle or something spiritual from God. At some point I stopped looking at it, probably when the funeral was over. In the next day or two I thought about the contained body of wavy air and then I knew that was Davids spirit or soul watching his own funeral, wanting to be there with his beloved wife, sons, family, friends and co-workers. I sent an email to everyone I knew at the funeral to tell them that Davids soul was present with us at his funeral. I hand wrote a note to Davids widow, Cathy, to tell her that David was with her and their sons at his funeral. No one responded to my mail. What the viewing of the wavy air told me was that the Soul and/or Spirit is real. I saw it with my own eyes. Also, that we humans dont really die, we pass on. Yes, our bodies die but our souls are then released and return back into Eternity with God. I like to tell as many people as I can the comforting news that we dont really die, we pass on. And that the Soul, Spirit is real and returns to God when we pass. Some people express comfort to me when I tell them. Some people just stare at me. I feel my job is to just tell people the good news of what I experience spiritually. Whether they believe me or not is up to them. I dont try to convince them that what Im saying is true. I just tell them for them to do with whatever they like.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1392,PLR,1199,37,,M,"When I looked at the map, it took me to India. Now, it is important to know that I had NEVER studied anything about India or its culture up to this point, even though I have always cooked with their spices, been attracted to their clothing, and always felt drawn to learning Ayurveda.  On the map of India, it drew me to an area called Gujarat (again, I had never heard of this place, but when I googled it, it was exactly where I was shown on the map). Making things more interesting, one of my spirit guides is named Ajwa, and there are streets and parks in Gujarat named Ajwa.  The next thing I knew, I was mentally whisked to a beautiful area, and to a house where I lived with my mother and father. At first it was nice and peaceful and I felt at home. I was female and in brightly colored clothes that I loved. I remember the area was so green and lush. My mother and father there were my brother and wife in this life. This was the mid 1800s, and the British military were there.  They came in the night and took my mother away to rape and kill her. I remember the panic I felt knowing I would never see her again. What is really interesting is that prior to this event, I was always terrified of my wife getting kidnapped and killed. Since this event, I have no fear because I know it is left over from India. Anyway, the English soldiers came back the next day and burned our village. I was raped and my nipples cut off. I remember being held down in one of the buildings, like a stable, as others looked on. Interestingly, I have a birthmark under one of my nipples, and I have always hated having them touched. I was then killed...    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Chiropr,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1393,ME ,1462,23,,M,"Floating in an erect and body as light air: As I was walking, I became aware of a strangely subtle force coming over me. I felt a kind of vibration starting to run up through my body. It was soft at first, then became more pronounced as time went on. I felt the top of my head being pulled straight up while at the same time, my hips were being pulled downward into the earth. It felt as though I was being supported by a bolt of energy that literally ran through my body. The energy expanded from above me and from down below at the same time. My posture became very straight and It felt as though I was floating and weightless within it. I was surprised at how effortless it was to be so light and erect. It reminded me of the description a Tai Chi teacher once gave me of how to stand correctly, as if heaven were pulling me upwards by the top of my head and earth pulling me downwards from somewhere near the prostrate.  Effortless Breathing  Breathing became deep, light and effortless. I found myself witnessing each breath without the experience of guilt or anxiety resisting each in or exhale. All the usual tension in my solar plexus, tightness in my diagram and tension in my lungs had vanished. Breathing became a brand new experience for me, where I was able to take very satisfying and refreshing breaths.I marveled at what was happening to me, It felt wonderful to feel so free and light on the earth in my body. After time it occurred to me that this experience surely couldnt last very long because it felt so wonderful. I waited a while to see if it would leave. I waited for the familiar tension, anxiety, the heaviness of the body and breath to return. After a very short time, I let go and allowed the wonderful experience to guide me. Where did the mind go? As I surrendered more to the experience I became aware that thoughts werent being created on the fly, I had them, but I was creating them when needed and by choice, by powerful choice, they werent free floating and coming out of no where and they certainly werent attacking me. It was like the experiences of floating lightly within my body that had a very erect posture or breathing unburdened by guilt, anxiety, depression, anger, self hatred, self judgement. Now I was experiencing emptiness where 100s of thoughts per seconds should have been. The triad of experiences was connected together and created a sense of great joy, understanding and freedom. Freeing because I had always known myself to be what my thoughts told me I was, and here, those thoughts not existing at all, it was a beautiful realization that I still lived on without them. With the mind being opaque, its opinions laid to rest, the veil of ignorance lifted and laid bare, the truth stood squarely in my face, It was awe inspiring it was beautiful, it was more than joyful. There was no doubt about It. It became clear to me that the mind was not all powerful, all knowing or omnipotent, but rather a mirage that wasnt there when looked at from the side of truth. The truth not only showed what the I was part of, bliss, freedom, love, oneness with all, but at the same time, what I have never been; body, guilty and deserving of punishment, hatred, shame, terror and death. The mind was impotent and could not stand its ground when directly facing the truth. Experiencing truth was the most joyous, romantic and blissful experience. I was free from the slavery of illusion, free to experience the reality of my being, free to love and be loved solely because I was.  How could my past vanish without sins being accounted for? I pondered the implications of how such a ferociously powerful mind grasping into every part of my being every second of my life could have been tossed aside into non existence so matter of faculty. All that I had known myself to be was born out of the abuse and abandonment by my parents. Guilt, anxiety, self hatred, fear\xe2\x80\xa6 they had been my family in the absence of a family, all gone in a flash. How could it be that all sins were forgiven just like that as if thered never been a past me? What did this mean about my reality? Then it occurred to me, for the first time in my life, I was awake. I had never experienced being awake like this. By realizing that I was awake, I could see how I had been dreaming. Truth was showing me that the mind had been lulling me into an non ending dream state with all of its endless thoughts. I had simply awoken from a dream of guilt and shame, terror and death and saw that I had been dreaming. Being able to tell the difference between a dream and being awake is the truth, it is everything, all doubt vanishes. It is easy to tell one has been dreaming when one is awake and therefor no the difference between dreaming and experiencing the truth. For an instant, I felt a deep sadness that I had treated God with such d",,USA    Q.,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,weekly,never,avera,none,"0 24,999",Some,Ive had,,single,marri,Unc,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1394,SDE,1463,54,,F,"I was sitting there while she was sobbing and I was just thinking and seeing him spiritually, when I felt this over whelming calling of him to look at him, like a child learning to ride a bike for the first time, they are excited and are jumping up and down to get your attention. I looked because thought I should, and that is when it happened. I never saw him but followed where he wanted me to go. I never heard a word or saw any human or other form. He was beckoning me to follow and I was above beautiful pastures and then higher above a mountain with waterfalls, and it was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. I felt total joy, enthusiasm, peace, love, and I remember thinking, take me, I need this too, why cant I go too? The next thing I saw was the bluest most eternal sky ever and then there was a bright light and I could not go any further. When I was aware that I was back in the room, I was in shock from what had just happened, but the room was filled with a golden warm moving stream of light, that was fading. I started yelling to my friend who was sobbing in horrific grief, that he was in the light, cant you see the light? I got up and started shaking her violently and told her she had to remember this moment and what I was saying, that it was that important. The light kept swirling around us and dimming as it was leaving. I didnt want it to go, but it did.    ",,usa    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,custome,,divor,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1395,DEE,1299,22,,M,"I entered my bedroom, sat down on a cushioned window seat, and the sobbing continued. Moments later, I felt a tingling in my arms, kind of like they had fallen asleep, though I wasnt sitting in a way that impaired blood flow. Moments later, my arms rose from my sides and my hands literally came together in prayer in front of my chest. I watched in complete wonderment as this occurred. And I suddenly felt in my heart a very clear instruction that I needed to get on my knees and pray. But I was refused. I didnt understand why prayer was necessary. In fact, it seemed like an act of subservience that made me uneasy. Meanwhile, my arms and hands were literally vibrating, and my hands were stuck together that literally, I was unable to pull them apart. Why is this happening to me, I wondered. And I suddenly understood that I was dying. No sooner did that thought cross my mind, my hands fell back to my sides--thus making a connection in my mind between the thought I was dying and the release of my hands from the unseen force, and the immediate cessation of the tingling sensations. Given how strange this all was, it seemed perfectly logical to me that I was indeed dying. My mother was spiritual, so I thought I better go downstairs and tell her. In the living room, I sat beside my mother and told her what had just happened. She told me to go ahead and pray. I told her I couldnt, and that I was dying. She was very spiritual. When she heard this, she thought perhaps a part of me was dying, to make room for something else... but I wasnt physically dying. I told her she was wrong. She checked my temperature. I had a fever of 103. She went to get some aspirin, and told me to to relax. After I took the aspirin, I lay down on the living room couch, and thats when a spiritual being showed up. I heard him as clear as day, talking in my head, just as if he was in the room with me. The first thing he said to me was, Ok, lets go! When he said that, I could feel a pulling sensation all of a sudden on the region of my solar plexus. If the soul was real, it felt like he was reaching in and pulling my soul out of my body. It was a very uncomfortable and unusual feeling, and I reacted to it by kicking my feet on the couch. When I did this, the pulling, or suction-y feeling stopped. Long story short, this fight to stay went on for more than an hour. I remained lucid throughout the whole experience, conversing with my family while also telepathically conversing with this Being. The longer I resisted, the more this Being resorted to threatening me. I didnt care--no matter what the threats (Stay and youll be crazy, no one will ever understand you, your family wont remember a thing--their memories will be wiped) I refused to go wherever it was this Being was intent on taking me. Finally, fed up with my refusal, the Being told me he wasnt leaving empty handed. If I didnt come then and there, he would cause my father to have a massive heart attack, and he would take my father. My father and I had had a long and stormy relationship, however, I didnt have to think about that threat. I immediately relented and agreed to come. But I asked to say goodbye to my family first--which he permitted. I literally kissed and hugged everyone who was there and said goodbye. It was the saddest moment I have ever experienced. Then I told the Being I was finally ready, and I heard a voice (a different voice than the Being) tell me it wasnt my time. For a while I pleaded to go. I was ready. But it was no use. My fever broke, and I felt better than I had ever felt in my life-- and I appreciated my life like I had never appreciated it before.     ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",some,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1396,DEE,1177,43,,F,"After hanging up the phone with my younger sister, I said out loud that as a family we could not endure another experience with cancer. My father had died of a glioblastoma at age 54 in 1978. I prayed with concern over my sisters initial test results and began to cry uncontrollably. Very suddenly, I began to feel an exceptionally warm energy burning beneath my stomach but above my abdomen. This warm energy began slowly traveling up through the center of my body. By the time it entered my head, I had received knowledge that my sisters test results would turn out to show a benign condition. I cant describe how I knew this, but I was 100% certain that that would be the outcome and I had received this knowledge from some knowing entity. At the same time this was happening to me, my cat in the hallway started showing very peculiar behavior. He was standing on 3 legs with one of his front legs in the air a position Ive never seen a cat take. In addition, he seemed to be in a trance. When I called his name, he could not hear me. His head was moving slowly from side to side, left to right, like he was transfixed by some image. I looked in the direction of his gaze and saw nothing but darkness. He stayed in this position with these movements for several minutes in a trance-like state. After this was all over for him and me, I phoned my sister back and told her of my experience and told her she had absolutely nothing to worry about concerning the tests she was to take the next day and that I was phoning her now so the next day when she had the tests she would have proof of the truthfulness of my experience.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,assista,,divor,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1397,ME ,1462,23,,M,"Floating in an erect and body as light air: As I was walking, I became aware of a strangely subtle force coming over me. I felt a kind of vibration starting to run up through my body. It was soft at first, then became more pronounced as time went on. I felt the top of my head being pulled straight up while at the same time, my hips were being pulled downward into the earth. It felt as though I was being supported by a bolt of energy that literally ran through my body. The energy expanded from above me and from down below at the same time. My posture became very straight and It felt as though I was floating and weightless within it. I was surprised at how effortless it was to be so light and erect. It reminded me of the description a Tai Chi teacher once gave me of how to stand correctly, as if heaven were pulling me upwards by the top of my head and earth pulling me downwards from somewhere near the prostrate.  Effortless Breathing  Breathing became deep, light and effortless. I found myself witnessing each breath without the experience of guilt or anxiety resisting each in or exhale. All the usual tension in my solar plexus, tightness in my diagram and tension in my lungs had vanished. Breathing became a brand new experience for me, where I was able to take very satisfying and refreshing breaths.I marveled at what was happening to me, It felt wonderful to feel so free and light on the earth in my body. After time it occurred to me that this experience surely couldnt last very long because it felt so wonderful. I waited a while to see if it would leave. I waited for the familiar tension, anxiety, the heaviness of the body and breath to return. After a very short time, I let go and allowed the wonderful experience to guide me. Where did the mind go? As I surrendered more to the experience I became aware that thoughts werent being created on the fly, I had them, but I was creating them when needed and by choice, by powerful choice, they werent free floating and coming out of no where and they certainly werent attacking me. It was like the experiences of floating lightly within my body that had a very erect posture or breathing unburdened by guilt, anxiety, depression, anger, self hatred, self judgement. Now I was experiencing emptiness where 100s of thoughts per seconds should have been. The triad of experiences was connected together and created a sense of great joy, understanding and freedom. Freeing because I had always known myself to be what my thoughts told me I was, and here, those thoughts not existing at all, it was a beautiful realization that I still lived on without them. With the mind being opaque, its opinions laid to rest, the veil of ignorance lifted and laid bare, the truth stood squarely in my face, It was awe inspiring it was beautiful, it was more than joyful. There was no doubt about It. It became clear to me that the mind was not all powerful, all knowing or omnipotent, but rather a mirage that wasnt there when looked at from the side of truth. The truth not only showed what the I was part of, bliss, freedom, love, oneness with all, but at the same time, what I have never been; body, guilty and deserving of punishment, hatred, shame, terror and death. The mind was impotent and could not stand its ground when directly facing the truth. Experiencing truth was the most joyous, romantic and blissful experience. I was free from the slavery of illusion, free to experience the reality of my being, free to love and be loved solely because I was.  How could my past vanish without sins being accounted for? I pondered the implications of how such a ferociously powerful mind grasping into every part of my being every second of my life could have been tossed aside into non existence so matter of faculty. All that I had known myself to be was born out of the abuse and abandonment by my parents. Guilt, anxiety, self hatred, fear\xe2\x80\xa6 they had been my family in the absence of a family, all gone in a flash. How could it be that all sins were forgiven just like that as if thered never been a past me? What did this mean about my reality? Then it occurred to me, for the first time in my life, I was awake. I had never experienced being awake like this. By realizing that I was awake, I could see how I had been dreaming. Truth was showing me that the mind had been lulling me into an non ending dream state with all of its endless thoughts. I had simply awoken from a dream of guilt and shame, terror and death and saw that I had been dreaming. Being able to tell the difference between a dream and being awake is the truth, it is everything, all doubt vanishes. It is easy to tell one has been dreaming when one is awake and therefor no the difference between dreaming and experiencing the truth. For an instant, I felt a deep sadness that I had treated God with such d",,USA    Q.,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,weekly,never,avera,none,"0 24,999",Some,Ive had,,single,marri,Unc,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1398,ADC,1141,55,,F,"It happened during the night while I was dreaming. I will never forget it. I told everyone that I knew who would be open to receiving this experience. I remember sitting at a rectangular table. I was at the end. There were three men,I could feel Love and familiarity, The first man filed in front of me the other men I only saw there heads but again I felt I knew them there essence not seeing their faces. I was looking at a man he was young about 30 years old.He was wearing a pink pinstriped shirt,grey hair and handsome. I was crying I held my hands up to my cheeks and was resting there. I said Forgive my for crying but you look just like my DAD!. Not a word was spoken by the team of men. I woke up!    ",,Born and,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Junio,Healing,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1399,ADC,1329,31,,F,See above    ,,USA    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Compute,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1400,ME ,1360,48,,F,"The temple or church was really beautiful and complicated, it had curly cue tops, architecture like you might see in Burma or Thailand. The entire thing was made out of bone that had been polished. It was made from human bone! But for some reason this wasnt creepy at all. It was kind of like, the bones of the maryters or something? It was a way to honor them? Anyway, we were going in to check it out. I had a group of kids to watch, 4 or 5 of them. My daughter wasnt there as I remember, I think she had gone ahead. There were some boys who were slower and lagging from the general group so I stayed back with them to encourage them to keep going not to get so far behind. They moved along but something very strongly encouraged me to remain in that room for just a few minutes. We were in a small darker, cove like part of the Cathedral, there was an alter, seemed like lots of candles and gold and polished marble and polished bone inside the room. At the right to the altar where was an extremely intricately carved place, it was like the kind of carving you might see on an elephant tusk that the Chinese can do. But this was all people and scenes from the Bible. In the middle there was the nativity scene. Mary and joseph were there and baby jesus. I could see a teeny tiny well, with a pump. I stayed there waiting and then I heard a sound that was like a radio being dialed into tune, lots of static and voices. Finally one voice became clear. It was Marys! She had an accent! Like a very old one from a language that is not spoken anymore. But she spoke to me in English. She told me to pump some water from the well into this teeny tiny cup. So I did that, the cup was even smaller than a thimble. I wasnt sure what I supposed to do with it? Dip my fingers into it and make the sign of the cross like Holy Water? Or drink it? I didnt want to offend or do that wrong thing! She told me to drink it! But it understood immediately that it was to be just a small amount, I was not to drink the entire thing. This was for my own good, so that I would not become greedy. She said as I sipped some, This is soup. Nourishment for the world.    ",,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",maste,Childre,,marri,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1401,OBE,1286,17,,M,"Regained awareness as two classmates were supporting me on their shoulders across the road that separated the school from the hospital. I was floating about 10 metres above my body, looking down at my friends and my body My pride hurt at being carried, I insisted I could walk perfectly well on my own and crossed the road on my own, before losing consciousness again I could see the roof tiles of the hospital from the angle that you would expect when at the same height as the roof, and the tops of my friends heads. The experience was ecstatic and there was a feeling of there being nothing to worry about and that I was loved unconditionally    ",,British,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",some,Student,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1402,DEE,1370,28,,F,"I left the interview in a state of prayer. I wanted so badly to work in this hospital Whenever I do enter hospitals I am always aware of other Helper Beings are present. I was standing in the middle of the hallway, started to walk away, turned around and saw Jesus. I knew he wanted me to see him, to let me know he was there, had always been there even though times had been hard. he poured out an amazing indescribably love energy, but I also saw sadness in his face and some sorrow for those who suffer. He was carrying my pain.    ",,Canadian,"251,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,high sc,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1403,PLR,1472,3,,F,More of a feeling and a knowingness that my thoughts were unquestionable truths and that I could access these truths as a strength and assurance in this life when I needed them...but honestly--I didnt want to be here and wanted to be back with God and I remember my soul ACHED.....in remembering ...    ,,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,"baby, n",,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1404,NDE,1010,19,,F,i saw a light; i felt compassion and love; i cant really describe what i heard i guess i also heard compassion and love    ,,citizen,1 mill,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,unemplo,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1405,ADC,1271,58,,F,"During the homily, the priest tells a story about an elderly couple who lived in Arlington Heights, Il. and were going to the race track. (My sister often took my mom with her to this very race track.) He goes on to say that the old man went into the bedroom, reached under the bed and took out a tin can, reached in and pulled out a $2 bill!! I felt elated! I was so excited I couldnt hardly contain myself. I immediately turned to my husband and quickly tried to tell him what had just happened. Following the Mass, I told everyone who would listen. I definitely approached the priest at the reception and told him that he was totally used that day and how he delivered the message to me.    ",,U.S. citi,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Paraleg,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1406,ME ,1507,20,,M,"After driving to my friends house after the concert we packed into his basement. No parents were home. Now at 12:30 at night I thought the effects of the mushrooms were wearing off. After staring at a spiral tapestry for a moment, I spun into a deep state of transcendence. I have had experience with psychedelics before in the past but never experienced anything close to what happened next. I sat in a circular cozy sofa and closed my eyes and my consciousness entered a dimension where it felt as if I had tapped into an eternal network of knowledge. Bursts of ideas regarding life and its wonders popped into my consciousness like bubbles, each identifying value which could not be explained by words very easily. An understanding of love was undeniable as it clearly is the adhesive force binding all of life. I understood that life requires a balance of the extremes and that death is nothing to fear but simply the critical point where our spirits transcend the physical realm. I could not see anything worth noting but the knowledge brought to my attention introduced me to the most profound spiritual presence I could ever ask to experience. This went o for roughly 5 hours as I would open my eyes occasionally and enter reality briefly only yo close them and dive back into the network.    ",,    Q.  Q,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,Student,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1407,ME ,1230,18,,M,"As I continued to pray, full of fear but knowing that someone must be listening, I suddenly felt an astonishingly immense, peaceful calm descend on me, and wash through my body from head to foot. It was as if someone had poured a bucket of peace onto my head and it ran down through me all the way to my feet. I cant describe the feeling it gave me, but as I watched and felt this peace, I saw my friends stepfather hesitate. My friend was still yelling, brandishing a chair while his stepdad wielded that baseball bat. The bat was lowered, and his stepfather muttered that he didnt want to hurt him any more. My friend continued to challenge, but began to relax, and his stepfather turned and walked back into the house. The peace stayed with me, and I said goodbye to my friends, got into my car and drove home. Ill never forget that feeling and the certain knowledge that God had given me the gift of peace that night.    ",,"Citizen,","251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1408,ME ,1481,42,,F,Please see earlier description. I learnt that there is a higher power and that i am spirit and not just a body. That i have a ego/personality side and a higher self which connected during the STE. That our reality is multidimensional and there are other dimensions apart from the 3rd dimension.    ,,Australia,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1409,OBE,1170,8,,F,"The most vivid one was that I was in my bedroom and I was going into my hallway when I realized what was happening, I immediately went back into my body. Also, there was a knocking sound at the head of my bed, near my head. , prior to me leaving    ",,Us citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,N/a,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1410,ADC,1365,36,,F,"I felt shocked that Mr. S. handed me the exact poem that my mother had read 7000 miles away just two hours before. I wanted to have a copy of the poem and asked my mother, forgetting to remind her to send it at end of conversation. I believed it was more than a coincidence, it was a message from my uncle, and that his consciousness in some way continued.    ",,Irish,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,undec,very st,"100,000+",colle,Adminis,,single,marri,Yes,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1411,NDE,1276,45,,M,"My first memories was a sense of unnatural sounds like the building itself was breathing or living somehow. I saw through the walls to a room that I knew was on another dimension or in a spiritual plane. In this room, men sat and leaned against the walls while they waited. I knew somehow that they were waiting to escort the dead to another place. I knew that I was close to death in this moment and that was the reason I could see them. I was not afraid. I just knew it.  My next memory was of a village setting that looked medieval or European. The streets were cobble stone and the buildings were stone as well. People walked in groups down the road. I think a better description would be that they wondered aimlessly. They looked straight ahead, slightly downward and seemed to be without hope. I had an overwhelming feeling of gloom in this place and I felt as though they were being punished or detained in some way.  The thing that was MOST striking about these visions was there absolute vividness. It was as though I was seeing them with the most high definition TV ever seen. I could not explain how powerful this sense of visual clarity was. It was as though it were more real than real life. Even though these people seemed as though they were not supposed to look at me, occasionally one would lock eyes with me for just a moment. They had such despair in their eyes that it saddened me to make eye contact.  Later I was in this same place in a large arena, though that is not really the right word. It was a place in a large building that had a circular path that came in one door and passed in front of what seemed to be stadium type seating.  I had a feeling that people were paraded through this place in the lines I had seen them walking in on the streets to possibly be judged or reviewed in some way. Again, the architecture was like nothing I have seen here in the states. It seemed very old and mostly made from stone.  My next and final memory was my defining moment where I was like a speck dust floating in a space that felt like a large room. I was exactly like those particles of dust that you see floating randomly in the open space of a room as the sunlight passes through a window. I was free, floating on an invisible river of air through this space, around a tree or plant, feeling sheer joy and amazement. I had no identity in these moments. I had no memory of anything personal or earthly. I only knew that I was truly at peace. I was one with the universe, completely accepted, and loved. I felt such joy in those brief moments that it makes my heart race even now as I recall it. As I passed through this space, I saw a very obvious ray of what I thought was sunshine coming downward from the right from no obvious window or light source. I didnt question anything, but I remember a sense of really hoping that I would drift through this light. As I did enter the light, I felt happiness like I have never known. I felt as though anything I had known before this moment was infantile and insignificant. I knew this was the presence of God, though I did not see a face. I dont even know that I had the ability to look at the source of the light. I just basked in its glory.  I saw flashes or arcs of light zipping above me. They looked like just that really, but I felt like they were something bigger than me, something more than I could even try to understand. Later, I remembered seeing a phenomenon called flying rods that I have seen myself in videos that I have where these things that are not visible to the naked eye show up on high speed video and they appear to swim through the sky with multiple wings on a straight translucent body.  I wonder if these could be what I saw in this place. As far as I know this phenomenon is not explained scientifically yet, but you can find hundreds or thousands of video accounts on youtube by searching for flying rods. I may be nothing, but then again...  I had a number of very substantial things that became known to me in this place. For one, the reason that everyone describes these visions as being so vivid is that we are not looking at them with our failing human eyes. We are seeing them in a supernatural state of being where our tired old eyeballs could not even begin to compare. Also, I became acutely aware that I am a being inside of a being. I felt that I am a spirit aside from the conscious brain thought, which I always thought was ME. Suddenly, I had all of these memories of things like driving on long trips when I am complete zoned out in deep thought, yet somehow my body is driving the car, slowing and speeding up in traffic, using turn signals, and yet I arrive 30 miles later not remembering the drive. It occurred to me that there is a watcher within us that is the true us who is ready to take the wheel at any moment if we zone out, so to s",,US Citize,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Compute,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1412,ME ,1242,40,,M,see #8 above. It is easier to verbally describe than to type you a message.    ,,citizen U,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,    Q.,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1413,NDA,1227,5,,F,"I felt I was home, that the other place I was living was cold and harsh, I was shown a point in the future of total devastation and how I needed to be there to take care of the children. I remember seeing my friend who promised to be with me for a short time to see that I was safe.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Child,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1414,ADC,1372,15,,F,"I only heard, I did not see anything other than the room I was standing in. I understood that my mother loved me.    ",,US citize,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1415,ME ,1302,51,,F,"Sometime in 1996, I was sitting alone in my office in my home in the middle of writing my memoir novel. I was sitting in my chair, thinking at the time. Suddenly I saw a vision in my head that Im entitling Our Human Timeline of Existence. It was a horizontally long image running left to right in my head. There were no words, numbers or sounds, only images. At the left of this horizontal Timeline was the first image. That image was of an ape down on all fours and facing left. To the right of that ape and facing right was a second ape starting to stand up. To the right of that ape and facing right was the third ape, looking Neanderthal. To the right of that ape was a picture of a human being facing right. Then there was a little space. To the right of the space was the image of Leonardo da Vinci\xe2\x80\x99s Vitruvian Man. To the right of that was a very, very long empty area. At the right end of the Timeline, the last image, is a great gust of horizontal wind blurring out the whole right end of the Timeline. That was what I saw. There were no dates on this Timeline. I thought about that vision and why I was seeing it. According to the spacing of the images one to another on the left and then the very long empty space in the middle area and then the wind blur all the way on the right, the vision said to me that, according to where Vitruvian Man was standing in the Timeline, we humans are currently (the 20th Century) into about 20% of our survival, from our beginnings on Earth to our end. I couldnt see our end because that was where the horizontal wind blur was, which took up all the space on the right side. There were no dates, so I dont know how it would happen to us, when, or if it would even happen at all. What I do see is that we humans have many, many more millenniums of survival. I believe I saw this vision and I believe (kinda) in what it was telling me. I wasnt sure what I was supposed to do with this knowledge except to tell people. But since that was one of my first spiritual experiences, I was so new to God (but still an atheist), that I think I told one other person. I wasnt confident in what I saw and I didnt want people to think I was crazy. Im uploading a file of the picture I drew of this vision. I dont remember what day I actually saw it because I wasnt writing down my spiritual experiences yet. So I recorded my vision in this picture at a later time, June 19, 2006. Please note my address and all contact info has changed since then.     ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1416,NDE,1024,65,,F,"I saw disturbing things at first, my sister having surgery which she did not survive this is only interesting because at the time I was having this event my sister was hospitalized in Tampa for a cardiac event too although I had no knowledge of this at all. She had an angio and had complications including bleeding and hematoma but she survived this. I did not mention to her for some months that I saw this in a dream and have never told her she did not survive it. I did see my mother during this STE and told her about it.    ",,US citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Junio,Medical,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1417,ADC,1316,27,,F,"I felt a presence in the room and looked to my left, my grandfather was standing in is grey work uniform, he was completely solid in appearance and looked like he always had. He smiled at me and then shifted his gaze to my boys on the floor, smiled and was gone.    ",,United St,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Medical,,marri,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1418,DEE,1442,66,,M,"This vision was not a day dream or a thought, it was a vision that took me to her room as i lay awake watching a baseball game. It came and it went on its own. As much as i tried i could not and can not repeat this vision. I have memory of it, but cannot re-create it. At the time of the vision we did not know she was close to death. Actually the doctors were telling us her cancer was in remission and felt hopeful that she would survive. The vision was in black and white and the two angelic figures in this vision were ghostly in appearance, or i should say, i could see through them. They had no wings and their clothing looked like long floor length gowns. Their hair was shoulder length. The gowns had a strap or belt at the waist. I could not tell if they were male of female and could not clearly see faces.    ",,U.S. Citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",Junio,Self Em,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
1419,DEE,1234,24,,M,"Introduction While I read through \xe2\x80\x9cProof of Heaven\xe2\x80\x9d I was struck by the similarity of several distinct items that were present within a spiritual experience that occurred to me. The items that Dr. Eben Alexander presented in \xe2\x80\x9cProof of Heaven that were similar if not identical to what I experienced are as follows: 1.) Peoples clothes were natural to the environment. 2.) The experiences were perceived to be magnitudes more real than normal life. 3.) The \xe2\x80\x9cglorious chant\xe2\x80\x9d was everywhere and came from many places. 4.) A exhilarating sense of unity with all that exists. 5.) Dr. Eben Alexanders description of communication as, \xe2\x80\x9cthoughts that entered me directly\xe2\x80\x9d is similar to the direct communication with the Word of God that came upon me. The Word communicated as if through every subatomic particle field--not through words but through the Word of God. Although the religious experience written here is in dream format, the information transferred and situations experienced were of a supra consciousness nature. The religious experience developed as an independent psychological process over a twenty year period--from adolescence to adulthood. The religious experience happened to me at age 24 on September 03, 1979. I am 57 years old. Since I was 24 years old I have had no extraordinary psychological experiences. Personal experiences with direct spiritual development of consciousness are eternal and transcend both living experiences and after death experiences. Heaven is not strictly an after death state and something, perhaps a \xe2\x80\x9ccosmic mind,\xe2\x80\x9d interacts with the human brain and shares some obscure affinity with each human mind. In a sense \xe2\x80\x9cIt\xe2\x80\x9d is omnipresent; heaven is all around us but we typically fail to see it. Both living and after death experiences attest to this fact. This experience is of the living variety.  The Trances From age 4 through 21 I had experienced approximately 10 trances that would take me to what seemed like another dimension. My first recollection, of two symbols that appeared in one form or another throughout the trances and in the religious experience, was from a time as a kid with high fever. I saw two sparkling nuns that were walking along an infinite seashore. Children were playing beneath a sun umbrella and fragile autumn leaves blew across the sand. I perceived an infinitely dense black line coming from the sky to crush the leaves, the sun umbrella and the children. I cried out, \xe2\x80\x9cthe line. the line\xe2\x80\x9d as my mother put cold water and rubbing alcohol on my forehead to reduce the fever. The trances stopped occurring during fever (associated with illness) around 10 years old. But I would try to stay awake by watching T.V. late into the night because I knew the trance would take place if I fell asleep and that scared me. Usually when the trance started Id get up out of bed and sit in a chair. The experience then caused the world to fade out. The walls of the room would disappear and a dark space with two huge dense masses of sparkling energy would transfer their energy back and forth through a sparkling, connecting line along which the energy flowed. I had no recognition of my presence. When the one mass would become infinitesimal to the point of disappearing, the other would become dense and heavy. Then I would become frightened. But, eventually, the energy would transfer out of the dense and heavy sparkling mass along the line and back into the one that almost disappeared. The last few times, around 20 years old, when I experienced the trances, the episodes were witnessed without fear. Id get up out of bed, sit on a couch and simply watch the show. Afterwords, I thought that was really strange but it didnt make any sense so I didnt think much of it. When I was 24 years old, at a time when my mind was biologically mature, I had a profound religious experience that seemed to be the end result of the trances. It was in the form of a dream that I could understand. Although this experience was in dream-like symbolism. I experienced it far greater than waking life experiences. Perception and emotion while in it had been enhanced. I often referred to an increase of reality to a magnitude of 10 when recounting the experience. Carl Jung stated that what acts is actual and this experience was actually the most intense experience in my life. Like a dream that you try to recall, while it fades away with the more time that passes between waking and the writing of it, much of the details escaped my memory at the time of writing it. I was in tears and quite overwhelmed upon waking but some parts of the dream that I remember and wrote are still remembered along with the emotional intensity as evidenced in my consistent effort",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Machini,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1420,ME ,1269,59,,F,"(Repeat of #43) I was driving my car alone and running errands during the daytime. It was an ordinary, sunny July day during the week. I was driving past the Briarcliff Congregational Church in Briarcliff Manor, New York, a small, Westchester County suburban community, a one-hour drive north of Manhattan. I glanced over at the churchs directory sign to read it. It said You say theres distance between you and God. Who moved? I immediately stopped my car and held up traffic, stared at those words and thought for a few seconds about that question. I remember answering that question to myself: I moved. It was I who moved because God doesnt move. Hes all around us. I suddenly realized what I was saying and I said to myself: Why am I answering this question? I dont believe in God. Then I started to cry and I was shaking in my car. It was a soft cry and a mild shaking. But I was aware that I was being moved by something. I heard the car horns blaring behind me but ignored them. I knew I had to make an instant decision to stay with this feeling or cut it off, ignore it and continue on with my chores. Although I was a little frightened at the unknown feelings and event that were overtaking me, I decided to stay with my feelings. I pulled across the street into the empty parking lot of the little Briarcliff Public Library and parked in a quiet corner of the lot. I sat crying and shaking and let whatever it was overtake me. I was still a little frightened but I decided to trust the event. I suddenly looked down and saw that my chest was ethereally slowly opening up and a current of wavy air was entering my chest. This did not at all frighten me. I did not hear anything, touch anything or smell anything. (With me, all my visions, signs and visits by Holy Spirit were always visual. I guess since God made me a visual artist, It comes to me in a visual form.) God then played with me a game of spiritual connect the dots. It released from my memory spiritual experiences from my past that I had heretofore forgotten but remembered when they became fresh again in my memory. (Ill be registering each one in separate forms on your site.) I was sitting in my car for about one half hour and in that half hour I went from believing nothing to believing everything. I knew there really was a God. I knew that Jesus was the Son of God. I knew there really was a Holy Spirit. I knew the Bible was true. And I felt that God wanted me to be Christian, so I converted myself from Judaism to Christianity on the spot. No one came over to me while I sat in my car. I was infused with a tremendous new and exciting spiritual energy and couldnt wait to go home and tell Hank, my husband, all about it.    ",,I am a U.,"50,000",atheist,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,I am an,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1421,DEE,1060,32,,F,"I was writhing on the bed from the extreme discomfort of nausea and cramping. I was losing fluids in waves from all ends. The bathroom was close by (I was making frequent trips) but was lying on the bed to rest between waves. I felt a presence come to me it was above me and a little bit to the left. I didnt see a face, but I felt it tremendous love and a feeling of simplicity and calm, grace, peace, that everything was fine and accepted. If I were to give the presence a color, I would say it was a very pale grey, like a dove, not white. It said to me through direct knowing, not a voice Do you want to stay or do you want to go? And thats when I realized the severity of my condition, reacted, called my husband and he called the hotel staff.    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,Housewi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1422,NDE,1513,17,,M,Remember seeing a light at the end of a tunnel    ,,US/UK joi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,undec,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,youth
1423,DEE,1280,56,,F,"During the Sanctus (Holy Holy Holy) I was raised off the floor.  I have been hoping it would happen again, because I was praising God with a huge choir of Angels. realy gave me chills. I have a nice choir @ church, but this was extra special with trumpets blaring and a great choir of ? Angels singing.    ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",Junio,Radiogr,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1424,DEE,1214,69,,M,I did that in question #43. I learned that when this is finished refers to something that I do not know nor do I know what the the when means.  I know that I continue in the physical suffering.    ,,"Citizen,",1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Ordaine,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
1425,ME ,1102,20,,F,"I felt the calm and reassuring presence of God. I did not actually see the Lord, but I felt a peace and calmness come over me, and I knew I should go ahead with my plans to try to go to medical school    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",docto,high sc,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1426,ADC,1418,52,,F,"I knew immediately that my son had done something almost unbelievable, but I continued to look for the shoe. I did not find it. I was overwhelmed and in fact got a camera and took a picture of the one shoe lying there. I didnt realize until later that the picture would serve no purpose, but I was thinking so at the time. I was very excited. I did not find the shoe until many months later. It was upstairs in the spare bedroom under a bed he slept on when visiting me. I rarely went in that room.    ",,Citizen o,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,US Gove,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1427,SDE,1463,54,,F,"I was sitting there while she was sobbing and I was just thinking and seeing him spiritually, when I felt this over whelming calling of him to look at him, like a child learning to ride a bike for the first time, they are excited and are jumping up and down to get your attention. I looked because thought I should, and that is when it happened. I never saw him but followed where he wanted me to go. I never heard a word or saw any human or other form. He was beckoning me to follow and I was above beautiful pastures and then higher above a mountain with waterfalls, and it was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. I felt total joy, enthusiasm, peace, love, and I remember thinking, take me, I need this too, why cant I go too? The next thing I saw was the bluest most eternal sky ever and then there was a bright light and I could not go any further. When I was aware that I was back in the room, I was in shock from what had just happened, but the room was filled with a golden warm moving stream of light, that was fading. I started yelling to my friend who was sobbing in horrific grief, that he was in the light, cant you see the light? I got up and started shaking her violently and told her she had to remember this moment and what I was saying, that it was that important. The light kept swirling around us and dimming as it was leaving. I didnt want it to go, but it did.    ",,usa    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,custome,,divor,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1428,ADC,1539,20,,F,"I awoke to find the car slowing on an exit ramp. The car stopped gently just in front of my grandfather, who stood with his hand out to stop it. Although I never met my grandfather he died before I was born I immediately recognized him. I smelled a distinctive smell very clean with a slight tang of either a spicy aftershave or pipe tobacco, like the really nice scent you may experience passing a fine tobacconists shop. My mother later told me that is what my grandfather smelled like. He stopped the car my feet were not on any pedals, nor was I still steering. He looked me in the eye and I heard a clear voice but inside my head, not through my ears telling me to pull into the parking lot and take a nap. He told me not to think about setting an alarm and that I would wake up when I was sufficiently rested to drive again. He also said to eat a decent breakfast before leaving, and told me exactly where to park just outside the diner in what he called a safe spot. He said he would get us home safely but that I was never to attempt to drive straight through again.    ",,Native bo,"100,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,College,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1429,OBE,1133,39,,M,"The night before I had this experience was a very emotional point in my life, the world seemed so terribly unjust and cruel that I was at a breaking point, that evening when arriving home walking from my car to the front door I paused to look up into the star filled sky with tears rolling down my cheeks quietly cried Why, why, why? I could not understand how the complete innocents of this world could be treated so terribly, how children could suffer so unjustly under the hand of others. I cried to sky as the universe because I could not believe in a God and had little faith in anything spiritual, if any.  Since rejecting the belief in God at the age of about 22, I did not believe such a thing could exist, because any such God which would allow these kinds of things to happen wasnt any kind of God to me. I couldnt pray to the concept of God but the universe was real, the immense out there, the all that is was something I could pour out my heart to without needing a belief in God. That night I gave the heavens my full heart seeking an answer to that question, with all my heart tearfully pleading for the answer. The next afternoon I received an answer to that question; since we are all a part of one another we do it to ourselves.  Although the answer didnt completely make up for all of the pain, much of the edge of that pain was taken off by finally being able to understand why such terrible things could happen to others in our world, to simply understand we have the freedom of choice to do such things because in the wider perspective the reality is we are all one and in that hurting no one else other than ourselves. Because of this and this alone we are allowed the freedom to do good or evil, if we werent really one I do not believe the spiritual heart of life would allow such to occur, call that center God, the conscious collective, the collective soul or what ever name you might choose. I finally came to understand, in the end we all pay the price for any wrong as well as reap the reward for any good and this took away much of the anger I had against reality for allowing terrible things to happen to good people.  The following is how the answer came to me through a dream-vision which was the most lucid moment of my life before or since but I must also add the following; the experience and my conclusions from it are my own made from who I am as a individual and how I saw the experience. Was it really God on high I met? I thought it was but beyond my own belief I cannot say it was, perhaps I met a collective soul which was so wonderful to me I thought it was God when in fact God might be levels above, so to speak,.   The Vision: Meeting a Sun-Intelligence-God. Sun of Souls~Souls of Sun; One Spirit~One Life.  Note: This experience was no doubt individually viewed through my own shade of colored glasses, limited to my own ability to understand things at the time, how I needed to be shown who we really are. This may have been brought on by severe apnea, a problem I had where I could stop breathing for long periods of time. I believe I may have stopped breathing for far too long that afternoon and had come close to death producing this NDE-like experience. I dont really know if this was a OOBE or due to apnea, but either way, what ever caused the experience it deeply impacted my outlook on life, what and who we really are.  One warm afternoon in 1996 I took a short nap and unexpectedly awoke within my slumber to find myself in a vast void in the presence of a huge sun or sphere of light, quickly coming to the understanding that this sun was pure conscious awareness. I was completely surprised to find myself so fully conscious in this empty but light-filled void which I knew to be more real than waking reality, in this place feeling super-conscious beyond anything I had experienced before. Although the light was without any kind of visual hint of facial features, I strongly sensed it smiling nothing but love for me and through those feelings knowing an unseen face.  While in the presence of this light I immediately and fully felt it peering deeply into my own awareness, lovingly knowing everything about me all at once. Feeling such love coming from this light I suddenly came to an awareness that this sun was God! I was so overwhelmed and surprised that God was real that I mentally gasped and then yelled out, \xe2\x80\x9cYou\xe2\x80\x99re Real!\xe2\x80\x9d. Just prior to this experience I had a deep mistrust of religion and rejected the concept of any kind of God or creator, much less the idea there was any continuation for human beings beyond our physical lives. Years before this experience, I had decided for many seemingly valid reasons that religion and God were only a product of the human mind, yet there I was standing in the presence of what I knew without a doubt wa",,USA    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",Did not,Satelli,,marri,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1430,ME ,1169,19,,F,It is hard to describe because using conventional language doesnt fit. Something came over me in which I experienced a feeling (this is not the right word) of complete PERFECTION. I say feeling isnt the right word because it implies emotion. What I experienced was not of any of the five senses. It was the best feeling I have ever had and can only say it was a spiritual experience of perfection. It must have been from what we call God.    ,,I am a ci,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",colle,Chartis,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1431,OBE,1236,41,,F,"It took a second to collect my thoughts as I had never spontaneously gone out-of-body while awake unless I had been consciously trying to. Once alert, I noticed an older truck in my direct view. It was an odd, faded color of purple. As the color caught my attention, the truck hummed to life. A man had started the motor and was backing up.  Behind the truck, sitting in the driveway playing, was a small child aged 2-3. Horrified, I watched as the truck backed over the little child. Intuitively I knew it was the boys father who had unknowingly run over, and killed the child.  Immediately the infant boys essense popped out of his body. There was a translucent quality to it, but for me it was more of a strong sensing of his presence. He was bewildered, and unsure of what to do. Disoriented.  Having had an NDE some seven years prior, I knew that I was there to lead this little one to the Light. I mentally asked him if I could help, and he agrred. Following my lead, we drifted toward a pinpoint of Light in the far distance. He calmed significantly and headed on toward the Light. I melded back into my body and became physically alert again.    ",,Citizen,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Financi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1432,DEE,1358,19,,M,In my first reported STE I report that I asked God for help regarding what action I should take next relating to my stand against the war I Viet Nam. This STE brings the Voices reply full circle. Together we have concluded the military experience and launched into a life altering relationship that could be very helpful to me in bringing greater peace to our world. I felt this Voice thing had great possibilities and was well worth further exploration. I still feel that way.    ,,US citize,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1433,ME ,1036,17,,M,"I was one with the loving fabric of the universe and all that existed within it. I was also a bit psychic. Not in the sense that I could perceive the thoughts of others, but I could definitely sense the emotions and being and character of others. It was absolutely blissful.    ",,USA    Q.,"251,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,High sc,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1434,ADC,1409,39,,F,"I looked to my right and saw Bob standing there looking just as he always had except that he looked very happy. He looked happier than I had ever seen him in the 13 years we were together. Maybe contented is a better description. We had a conversation. I know we did. But I cant recall a single word. As soon as it was over, I couldnt remember what he said or why he came. All I remember clearly is his smile. What I had thought was a brilliant sun light coming through a window was actually a mist-like energy. He turned and walked into it, becoming part of it. The room returned to normal. I got frightened and wondered what I had just seen. I scooted down under the covers without coving my eyes. I was in total shock. It was real, but what was it? Was it a premonition? Was I supposed to take action? Then I remembered his smile and decided action wasnt necessary. I didnt know what to do but try to forget it and go on. As far as I knew, Bob was fine and living across town.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Associa,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1435,ME ,1504,45,,M," I was thinking over and over .  So, all I have to do is ask for help and you will help? After thinking about this for a few minutes . .. What happened is hard to explain . All I know is that I had closed my eyes and when I opened them all of the insanity was gone. The anger ,hatred for others ,resentment etc was completely gone. Everything I saw was somehow brighter and beautiful. Including the rusty mail box I was parked next to.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",High,Letter,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1436,ADC,1529,65,,F,See above. The feeling afterwards was one of contentment and knowledge that he will always be with me.    ,,Citizen,"50,000",atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Homemak,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1437,ME ,1320,24,,M,"Please see above. What I felt was similar to what Dr. Alexander wrote in his book, but I did not have to die to experience it. There was a sense of stillness too. I felt overwhelming love, peace, serenity, ecstatic bliss and an ever-growing expanse into everything and the all. I learned that God is love and everything is made up of God or love.    ",,American,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1438,ME ,1235,81,,F,    ,,Citizen,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1439,SDE,1309,48,,F,"My mother seemed to be vacillating between this world and the next. She had facial expressions of surprise, distress, amazement, peace. She spoke of seeing angels, hearing beautiful music, and that people were there with her that had died before her.    ",,Citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Part ti,,single,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1440,ADC,1354,37,,F,"I had a dream. In it, I saw a small, frail old man walking slowly. It was dark, but I could see him as easily as if it was daylight. There was no background (furniture, buildings, trees), no sense of place or location. He was smiling and had on an ill-fitting suit that was too big for him. I felt sorry for him, because he was dressed in such an ill-fitting suit yet he didnt seem to realize it. Then I heard or sensed a voice that told me not to feel sorry for him because he was truly happy. In the morning, my husband got a phone call from his mother. His grandfather (a small, frail old man who looked just like the man in my dream) had died during the night. We werent aware that he was ill or anything. We hadnt been thinking about him or talking about him. Strangely, in the phone conversation, Brians mother mentioned that she had to go shopping for a new suit for him to be buried in. He had lost weight the last few years, and none of his suits fit him anymore.    ",,U.S. citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,very st,"100,000+",colle,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1441,NDA,1380,59,,F,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1442,OBE,1392,22,,M,"This story is an account of an amazing venture into the future that came about by what I, years later, came to know as a Near Death Experience. Although I wasnt physically near death at the time, I experienced all the earmarks of a classic Near Death Experience, including leaving my physical body and traveling at tremendous speeds through a variety of mystical dimensions.   A Window in Time By Joe   The cold March rain dripped steadily off the back porch awning as I ran water for my morning coffee. Through the kitchen window I could see streaks of snow across the muddy back yard. Where the yard ended and the dark gray bark of maple trees along the hillside took over, the snow still covered all the land. The phone rang. Setting down the coffee pot, I reached for the phone. Hello. I said. You wanna meet for lunch? Jim asked without even bothering to say hello. Sure, I replied. Anything to get me out and away from the boredom. We exchanged a few more words and hung up. I put the coffee pot on the stove, grabbed a quick shower, put on a sweatshirt, poured myself a cup of coffee, and sat down to read a couple chapters from an Eric Von Daniken book I had just picked up the day before. A couple hours later, I put on a rainproof windbreaker and headed for town. When I arrived at Charlies Lounge, Jim was already there. Whats the special?, I asked the bartender.  Burger and fries, he said. Good enough for me, I replied. Put some cheese on it too. Jim looked over and smiled. You wanna beer? Ah, its a little early for that I said. Come on, one with lunch wont hurt you. he said. Get him a draught, he said to the bartender. Jim was a road construction worker who hadnt been working for the past couple weeks due to the incessant rain. Id known him since we were kids. His boredom wasnt as intense as mine, but the cold, dreary rain was getting a lot of people down in this tiny Pennsylvania railroad town. It was a tough little town along the edge of the Allegheny Mountains in central Pennsylvania. The heart of Appalachia was just a few minutes away. The Vietnam War was just winding down and Watergate was front page news every day. Life, like the weather, was bleak. A month earlier I had finished a two year stint as a Military Policeman in Germany.  I was accustomed to the excitement of constant stimulation. As a policeman I had weathered the drama and tragedy of the Munich Olympics, witnessed first hand the violence of the militant Baader-Meinhof Gang, and while wearing the white hat of law enforcement, had been front and center in the unpredictable and dangerous world of heroin addiction. Okay, Ill sip on a beer, I said to the bartender. Jim smiled. When I looked in his direction I could see a couple guys playing a game of pool. Immediately my radar went off. Two brothers were playing a game of eightball. One of the brothers was a year older than me, and had been a superb football player. The other brother was a year younger than me and had always been a bit of a troublemaker. And, he was drunk! It just past noon and he was drunker than a skunk. Several years earlier, I had been in an all out fight with the younger one. I had knocked him down and was on top of him, pounding the living daylights out of him when someone pulled me off.  Here he was again. Drunk, and this time with his older brother, who it appeared he was going to try and impress. He was staring at me. His face was getting red. I could feel my adrenalin surging. Every drop of testosterone in my body was lit up. The two years in the military had added 30 pounds of muscle to my body. I had been trained in judo and self defense techniques. I was capable of putting anyone into submission in seconds. I was ready! To avoid initiating any confrontation and to maintain my focus, I chose to gaze at the cue ball(the all white pool ball) as it bounded around the pool table. A moment went by, then two. I kept my focus on the cue ball. I began developing a slightly different mind set. I clearly remembering saying to myself, I choose to not allow my emotions to dictate my actions. I choose to just stay focused on the neutral cue ball. Then BOOM, it happened. Suddenly, without warning, my entire state of consciousness shot directly out of the top of my head. Everything I knew to be me was traveling at a tremendous rate of speed, and accelerating by the second. At first I seemed to have shot through a tunnel like zone, then into a brightly lit world. I went past cities, land masses, continents, entire worlds. and universes. I clearly remember seeing a great River. I remember thinking at the time that it must be the River that St John spoke of in Revelations. I remember clearly because, at the time, I was a dyed in the wool atheist. But I didnt stop there. I just zipped on by. I saw things and concepts that I just didnt understand, bu",,US    Q.,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,militar,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1443,ADC,1159,42,,F,"This seems like the same as above. Again, I am doing this for my mom who is about to read Proof of Heaven and for that reason, this came up again--the Mayo experience. She heard nothing, she observed these relatives who were deceased looking very serene and healthy (my grandfather had been paralyzed from a stroke for almost 5 months before he died on his birthday) My aunt had died from an anyurism (sp). So my mom says, she saw them, they smiled and looked right at her but did not speak. She was frightened at first, but then felt very peaceful and reassured. She learned that they were there to comfort her.    ",,usa    Q.,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,she was,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1444,DEE,1375,12,,F,    ,,USA    Q.,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,I was a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1445,OBE,1005,22,,M,Sorry...see above    ,,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Archite,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1446,ADC,1354,37,,F,"I had a dream. In it, I saw a small, frail old man walking slowly. It was dark, but I could see him as easily as if it was daylight. There was no background (furniture, buildings, trees), no sense of place or location. He was smiling and had on an ill-fitting suit that was too big for him. I felt sorry for him, because he was dressed in such an ill-fitting suit yet he didnt seem to realize it. Then I heard or sensed a voice that told me not to feel sorry for him because he was truly happy. In the morning, my husband got a phone call from his mother. His grandfather (a small, frail old man who looked just like the man in my dream) had died during the night. We werent aware that he was ill or anything. We hadnt been thinking about him or talking about him. Strangely, in the phone conversation, Brians mother mentioned that she had to go shopping for a new suit for him to be buried in. He had lost weight the last few years, and none of his suits fit him anymore.    ",,U.S. citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,very st,"100,000+",colle,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1447,ME ,1190,54,,F,I felt liquid fire at the top of my head which dripped all the way downward to my chest    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Adminis,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1448,DEE,1261,24,,F,"Earlier in the evening, I was very lonely as my new husband was gone a lot. I had only been married about 6 months, and I was beginning to realize that perhaps I had made a mistake marrying this man...that he wasnt all that in love with me. A few days earlier, I had said a prayer and asked if this was all there was to marriage and asked for help from God even though I want sure if there really was a God.  A few days later, I was asleep next to my husband. And I felt like I was having a dream with this bright light appearing. It was the brightest light I had ever seen...almost a piercing blue white light. I opened my eyes and realized this was not a dream at all! I looked into my closest where the doors were open and out of the left back side of the closest, the light radiated from. I wasnt scared...actually it was quite comforting. I quickly woke my husband up. He couldnt believe what he was seeing either. I kept saying, what is it? Is this real or are we imaging it. We both just sat there for about a minute staring at the light. Again, it was the brightest light I had ever seen but, the light didnt radiate throughout the room but stayed concentrated in the closest. After it disappeared, I just continued to sit up in bed trying to figure out what had just happened. Then, out of the blue, I began speaking in a language that I had never heard. My husband heard me, and thought I was going crazy. I had no idea what was happening. It wasnt scary....just really weird. This continued non stop for about 3 hours until I was completely exhausted and went to sleep at about 6am that am. When I woke up, I was completely perplexed as to what just happened to me. I decided I needed to go talk to someone about this so I went and visited with my priest at the Episcopal church at the time. He tried to explain it but, I was still perplexed as I had never heard of speaking I tongues, nor had I asked to have that given to me. To this day, I can still speak In tongues though I rarely do.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales f,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1449,ADC,1438,24,,F,"My friends name was Jimmy and he had committed suicide days before. We met in what I can only describe as the most vibrant and alive meadow I have ever experienced.... I have never experienced such aliveness and vibrancy here on earth. It was just the two of us, but I gathered by some beautiful music/voices I could sense that we were not truly alone. I just remember feeling so happy and connected not only to him, but to everything around us. The flowers were buzzing with aliveness, the grass also and the sky just illuminated such a beautiful color of blue that felt alive in itself. He told me he wanted me to experience what he was getting to experience and to let me know he was happy and at peace and to please tell his parents about our visit and that he was happy and safe.     ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,small b,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1450,ME ,1061,42,,F,"The air seemed thicker like I was part of the presence all around me. I heard the Om. I felt peace. My heart felt like it had absolutely exploded in a good way. I understood the images of Jesus Christ and his heart on fire or raw in a whole new way after that, for that is what I felt. After that first bout of hilarity, I cried on and off for 3 days to realize the depths of the delusion humankind lives in here. And yet I was never unaware of the profound PEACE and LOVE underlying all of creation. How we split the world into parts and names with our minds...when the underlying truth is Love. I understood the difference between Spiritual Reality and the reality we think is real with our minds. I understood transcending the personality. I understood the conditions requisites, if you will to transcending the personality. About 2 years later, this experience gave me the perspective to understand a pattern in my creative works, written decades before, that gave me an insight into the pattern of evolving consciousness, and how that pattern is played out in the advent of the world religions--a model which basically unifies the impulses of all the world religions, each on their own terms (not abstractly) shows that all of humankind is basically on a united, spiritual journey. This experience was the beginning of my understanding, I believe, why I was put on this earth--what my lifes purpose is (to bring this message to earth).    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1451,ADC,1246,60,,F,"Details are above, but I learned that my gut was right...there is a much larger picture and we just dont know about it...my favorite saying is that we just dont know it all....and wont until will die.    ",,United St,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,moder,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Real Es,,marri,widow,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1452,DEE,1157,20,,F,"I was dreaming. I saw a being that seemed feminine. He/she had long silvery/blond/fair hair...in what I describe as being a blue garment, and surrounded in the brightest, bluest light I had ever seen. He/she was communicating with me. I felt a lot of love and care coming from this being...he/she loved me and was telling me important information about something that was going to happen soon. He/she was preparing me for something. When I awoke, I remembered no words. I couldnt tell you what he/she said because I remembered nothing of the conversation.  A little while later, days of weeks, I dreamt that I was at a party and i was telling someone that I had had a baby girl, but she had died.    ",,Australia,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Some,Mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1453,ME ,1009,18,,F,"One of the weirdest things about this experience was the feeling of getting shot in the head. Actually, I didnt feel a thing, but I remember how my vision exploded in red. I remember how I vaguely felt my body hitting the ground and being unable to stop it, even as I, as a spirit, got yanked out of my body. I didnt feel a bit of pain, and Im usually very scared of blood, but I wasnt scared of the blood I saw coming out of me as I died--just intrigued, but not emotionally connected to it. As a spirit, I learned that I look very different than how I look physically. This experience taught me that I, Theresa, am actually a combination of three women who I was in other lifetimes--and I learned that we dont have to live our lifetimes in chronological order, and those lifetimes can overlap on each other, too. I learned that I, Theresa, am a combination of these three women:-a German Jewish girl who was about sixteen when she died in one of the concentration camps during the Holocaust-an American (Caucasian) woman who was in her 30s when she died in the 1980s-a Caucasian woman with shoulder-length, flaming red hair who was the captain of a starship and had died in the 2300s or thereabouts. She was in her late 20s-early 30s. Id lived all three of these lifetimes before this one. I learned that I, Theresa, am a composite of all three of these women. Im not exactly my own person. Im unique, yes--but I was created from these three women. Looking back on whats happened in the 2000s in our physical world, Im astounded that I basically saw our wars in Iraq and Afghanistan several years before they happened. Back in 1998, it was a lot easier to dismiss this experience as some really vivid dream, emphasis on dream. When I was 18, I couldnt fathom circumstances when the US would choose to wage war against anyone else. It was really easy to dismiss this aspect of my experience as something out of an action movie, perhaps. And I distinctly felt what the other soldiers were feeling--this grief over the fact that they knew, at the time of their deaths, that they would be dying so far away from home for a pointless war. The soldiers in my dream knew this full well as they died. They were extremely sad about this. If I had to describe it, it was like they had this immense, low, wailing grief--something very heavy and sad, like low, gray storm clouds. Back in 1998, one of the things that really amazed me was that the littlest promises we make are, indeed, kept. To go back to this brother of mine: We were fans of James Camerons movie, TITANIC, and we met in an email mailing list. We ended up talking a lot via IM. I dont think we ever exchanged pictures, even. But he was the first to say that he felt like I was his little sister, which was odd because he is an only child, like me. He liked calling me Sis a lot, and I called him big bro, although I dont think I felt this sibling bond quite as strongly as he did. We did talk about the supernatural, and about life beyond death. He talked about being in the US Army for some period of time. I dont know how our conversations got to this point, but we made a promise to each other: that if it really was true that there was life beyond death, whoever would die first would go to the other person and be there for them when it was their time to die. In the case of my experience, I died first and, as promised, I visited him--even if I, at least, had completely forgotten about making this promise in the first place.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",some,student,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1454,ADC,1530,42,,F,Please see answer question 8    ,,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Directo,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1455,ADC,1094,53,,F,"I answered the door to Moms house, and she came in. Then Dad appeared behind her to come in. I said You cant be here, youre dead. He said he had to give me one more hug and let me know he was OK. Then he gave me the hug, told me not to worry about him, and left. He was happy smiling, relaxed. About two nights later almost the same dream, but this time he said he knew I was ok, and I should know he was Ok. I awoke with a feeling of complete calm. It may be terrible to say, but I am not upset about Dad being dead. He let me know that I will be ok and that dieing is not the end. I loved and greatly respected my father. He was 79, but in great shape had been golfing the Monday before he died. Died of heart attack after returning from filling Moms car up with gas. Found in seat of car by condo manager within minutes of parking. EMS directly across the road were there within about two minutes. The one man said Dad was in no pain. Peaceful look on his face. Now I know why.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Worked,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1456,SDE,1063,42,,F,"After my siblings left the room, I turned around to see my Mom sitting a bit slumped on the bed. She lifted her head and looked at me through the eyes of her mother, Clara, with whom I had spent many years of my life living with and loving.  I was so certain of this and did not question it in my mind but it shocked me to the core so that I could only stand still and stare at her in wonderment.  The moment soon passed and I continued to feel wonderment and immense relief that my grandmother had come to be with my mom during her last days on earth and lead her to heaven.  My only regret that still brings me distress is that I was immobile the instant I experienced this transformation and I did not rush over to give her a hug, or speak my love and welcome, but instead could only stand frozen in shock. It took me several hours to process what I had witnessed.    ",,Citizen U,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"100,000+",High,Custome,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1457,DEE,1260,32,,F,"Other than the above information, I felt very comforted.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales f,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1458,NDE,1041,41,,F,"see above. as far as what I learned I still had a purpose on earth, and it was to be a guardian for others. My brothers and sisters were EVERYBODY regardless of religion or sex or anything we were all one, but people didnt get it, nor would they. I had to be an example. And this would breed more love. Not because of ME, but because of the Loving Creator who lived through me and everyone. I knew who I was, and I knew my mother would be passing soon. I knew I would be taken care of, as the man kept giving me money...I knew I was to follow native american principles of love the sacred earth and that all are my brothers and sisters, as Yeshu / Jesus said.    ",,Citizen U,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1459,ME ,1301,40,,M,"March 1991 had a Thursday fall on the 21st and 28th, and the next Thursday was April 4th. The significance of these dates to me is that one of them was likely the day that I was invested with a powerful message in which the reign of God was revealed to me in no uncertain terms, within the fabric of a pointed admonition. The message came when I was awake. It came in the form of receiving the feelings of other people, to be exact, feeling the feelings of the hospital patients of the Lyons, NJ, VA Hospital. I had recently tried to volunteer at the Lyons VA, but had become discouraged after an incident in which I had been trapped outside in freezing weather with a nursing home patient who could not make it up the stairs to enter the VA clinic I was taking him to. The nursing home was a separate building from the main ring comprising the hospital, and buses shuttled the patients between them. When this patient could not get up the stairs I sat him on a bench outside, went inside, and called security because it was 22 degrees and blowing. The security guys tried very hard to find fault with my actions. I resented the accusations, and frankly, was not thrilled with my job, which essentially duplicated the \xe2\x80\x9cred shirts\xe2\x80\x9d job as a helper for the nurses. I wanted more patient interaction. I decided to stop volunteering. I was in alone that morning in my hot tub not far from the hospital, in Basking Ridge, NJ. It was probably a Thursday because I generally took Thursday off work, even back then. I remember having a sudden fleeting thought that it was a shame how the VA volunteer attempt had turned out. It was sort of a \xe2\x80\x9cno good deed goes unpunished\xe2\x80\x9d thought. I felt what people describe as the \xe2\x80\x9cdoor open\xe2\x80\x9d in my consciousness, in my head. I can only describe it as an odd sensation. And then poured forth into my consciousness were the feelings of all the patients in the hospital, at that time probably 800 souls. The feelings were anger, helplessness, desperation, fear, and loneliness, and probably more, but these were feelings showing the needs of the people who had them. They hit me like a ton of bricks. I was stunned. I have never felt anything so intensely before or since. The feelings lasted only a few seconds, I think, not long at any rate, and were gone. This experience, this message, which had many aspects, was beautiful, was efficient, and was obviously purposeful. I knew instantly what the feelings were, whose, and who had sent them. They were meant to tell me I had made a mistake. They were meant to tell me to go back and try again. They were meant to tell me that God loves those patients, and that He loves me. It was adapted to and respectful of my situation, which is that I am in an interfaith marriage with a non-Christian. It showed me that God lives outside of time and space as we know it, which explains a lot. In short, it was the greatest gift I have received from God, with the possible exception of my wife, whom I suspect was steered to me by Him. I was quickly able to deduce that if God loves me, no one particularly special or virtuous, He certainly must love everyone in the same way, just as we had been told from childhood. I was always a believer in God, but as a young man had found God inconvenient for a while, and I had come back to the church 15 years earlier in another episode which I suspected was a spiritual intervention. But, while I could swear with 100% certainty that I believe it was a spiritual experience, it was one you can think of as \xe2\x80\x9csoft\xe2\x80\x9d, a compulsion to seek out a priest immediately, while this was a \xe2\x80\x9chard\xe2\x80\x9d one. There was no mistaking this message from God. I practically stopped breathing. It was a 20,000 volt shock, like grabbing a spark plug wire, and just as unmistakable. So what was the outcome? Well, I found another way to volunteer at the VA, one where I was more in contact with the patients. First I read to a group of nursing home patients for about 10 years, and then I began to do bedside visits. In a couple of years I began to find this very difficult as my patients began to die, and I fled by moving to another town and becoming a literacy volunteer. The hot tub message is the defining moment of my life, and I was not told not to talk about it. But speaking has its costs as well, one of which is that it seems to have so little effect on people, while it has revealed the Lord to me. Still, it did not make me into a saint, and I found I still struggle with the same failings that I had before. But it is a great blessing, surpassed only by those experiences in which people have felt the great unconditional love of the Lord for each of us.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,enginee,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1460,NDA,1285,36,,M,"Once I realized that I was disoriented and air supply finally depleted, I surrendered to lose my life. I felt a sudden peace that I cannot explain in words. I did not have a NDE but felt a warming sensation (though water temp was about 40 degrees F)and I was aware of a loving presence that was just beyond a veil Keep in mind that visibility was minus zero so all these sensations were permeating, nothing visual at all...I can only compare them to a force like a magnet pulling on a ferrous object              ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,busines,,divor,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1461,ME ,1061,42,,F,"The air seemed thicker like I was part of the presence all around me. I heard the Om. I felt peace. My heart felt like it had absolutely exploded in a good way. I understood the images of Jesus Christ and his heart on fire or raw in a whole new way after that, for that is what I felt. After that first bout of hilarity, I cried on and off for 3 days to realize the depths of the delusion humankind lives in here. And yet I was never unaware of the profound PEACE and LOVE underlying all of creation. How we split the world into parts and names with our minds...when the underlying truth is Love. I understood the difference between Spiritual Reality and the reality we think is real with our minds. I understood transcending the personality. I understood the conditions requisites, if you will to transcending the personality. About 2 years later, this experience gave me the perspective to understand a pattern in my creative works, written decades before, that gave me an insight into the pattern of evolving consciousness, and how that pattern is played out in the advent of the world religions--a model which basically unifies the impulses of all the world religions, each on their own terms (not abstractly) shows that all of humankind is basically on a united, spiritual journey. This experience was the beginning of my understanding, I believe, why I was put on this earth--what my lifes purpose is (to bring this message to earth).    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1462,OBE,1340,20,,F,"I think I pretty much covered it above. There was no other person involved other than the driver of the other car who I did not see. As it was happening, I felt calm. Afterwards, I was shaken. I only saw myself a profile of my face calmly driving the car no hint of the desperate situation I was in.  In hindsight, I feel that there was devine intervention that my guardian angel protected me and got me out of that dangerous situation.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,College,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1463,DEE,1369,50,,F,"At the age of 50, I had an experience that transformed my life. I had been working with a tool in a secluded area of my home. I left the room for a few minutes, but when I returned, the tool had \xe2\x80\x9cvanished\xe2\x80\x9d and was never seen again. After exhausting every possible explanation for the disappearance, I felt my world falling apart. For the next few days, all I could do was to walk round and round the house in the hope that somehow the tool would mysteriously reappear. The experience was like being thrown into an alien universe, where all the laws of the only universe I had ever known had ceased to exist \xe2\x80\x93 it was like living in a world without gravity. When I eventually regained my composure, I began thinking of ways to solve the mystery. I had heard that the CIA uses psychics, so I made an appointment with one of these people in my area. Although he could not see what had happened to the tool, the psychic indicated that a being on the other side wanted to communicate with me. He described her as wearing a nurse\xe2\x80\x99s uniform and giving her first name as Edith. He could not understand her surname, but he thought it started with a C or a K. When I suggested \xe2\x80\x9cEdith Cavell\xe2\x80\x9d, he told me that was correct. (He had obviously never heard of the remarkable English nurse). Through the psychic, Edith accurately described a pendant I owned. She said I should hold it completely still and then ask her a question. If the answer was \xe2\x80\x98yes\xe2\x80\x99, the pendant would move one way; if the answer was \xe2\x80\x98no\xe2\x80\x99, it would move another way. Being of a sceptical disposition, I did not believe that something I owned could ever move of its own accord. But on arriving home, I did what Edith had suggested and to my absolute astonishment, the pendant moved as she had indicated \xe2\x80\x93 either vertically or horizontally. After a new months of fruitful yes/no communication, I asked Edith a question one day, but instead of its usual movements, the pendant swung around in a circle. Eventually I discovered that a circle indicated the need to rephrase the question. Not long after that, Edith changed her mode of communication to one where she caused my hand to move in different directions. Then one day I asked a question, but there was no response. It turned out that Edith was handing me over to someone else. The only way I could ascertain the name of this being was to go through the alphabet. I found it almost impossible to believe that the name of the new guide I was being given was Aristotle. I was in such a state of anxiety that I contacted a renowned psychic without giving him any information about myself. At the consultation he told me he was being given a vision of philosophers in Ancient Greece. This gave me reassurance that I was not losing my mind. Aristotle told me that I should apply to do a PhD in philosophy, and that I should do a lot of background reading. To this day I have never been to a philosophy lecture \xe2\x80\x93 let alone studied in the field. When I eventually rang the Professor I had chosen, he \xe2\x80\x9cforgot\xe2\x80\x9d to ask me about the previous work I had done in philosophy.  After being accepted by the University, I began a difficult journey, but I had a wonderful supervisor who carried me through. At one point Aristotle said I would need to use a concept by the very early philosopher, Anaximander. Of course I had never heard of this thinker, but I used his concept to unite the various ideas I was presenting. Later on, Aristotle handed me over to the modern French philosopher, Jacques Derrida. By this time I had become used to the miraculous, which was just as well, because I found Jacques\xe2\x80\x99 writing difficult to grasp. In the end, thanks to all the help I was given from the other side, the two examiners I had described my dissertation as \xe2\x80\x9coutstanding\xe2\x80\x9d. (It is titled \xe2\x80\x9cHeidegger and the mystery of being\xe2\x80\x9d and is on the web). Among other things it addresses the question of mysticism, and I am now interested in relating mystical experiences to the idea of the divine. From what I have read in Dr. Alexander\xe2\x80\x99s book, and from my own experience, it seems difficult to conceive of God as an all-powerful being who sends people to hell if they don\xe2\x80\x99t repent. The evidence seems to be overwhelming that the whole of the universe is love.     ",,Australia,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",docto,church,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
1464,ME ,1478,46,,M,"This life changing event happened to me the latter part of October 2004  For many years I\xe2\x80\x99d been searching for a closer walk with God and financial success. My library of books and tapes are very extensive. I have read many books over twice and listened to tapes and CD\xe2\x80\x99s over and over and over again. I\xe2\x80\x99d started this learning process about 5 years ago and for the last three years I\xe2\x80\x99ve gotten very serious about it. So much so that I don\xe2\x80\x99t read the paper, I don\xe2\x80\x99t watch the news on TV and my TV time is limited to almost nothing. I\xe2\x80\x99ve rented about 5 movies in the last five years. No movie theaters and I\xe2\x80\x99d recently turned off the car radio of any type of media or learning material and just thought positive thoughts while driving. The books that I read are the Bible, books on how our minds work, books on Personal Development and Spirituality. However I really didn\xe2\x80\x99t actually believe that the Spirit world existed So one day I have no Idea how I got there but I\xe2\x80\x99m on the website of a well known Success coach and trainer. On her site an interesting book catches my eye. I order the book and it arrives quickly. I start reading the book and it makes allot of sense. About a third way through the book I come upon a passage that says \xe2\x80\x9cOk, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to now tell you about my 5 agreements in business not to be confused with the Four Agreements of Don Miguel Ruiz. If you want to learn about his four agreements you can get his book titled the Four Agreements and read about them\xe2\x80\x9d.  Nothing else was mentioned about that subject and I kept reading. About 3 pages after that statement I felt compelled to go back. I found the author and the title of the book \xe2\x80\x9cThe Four Agreements\xe2\x80\x9d. I was sitting at my desk in front of my computer so I went to Ebay and clicked on a Buy It Now and had the book in my hand three day\xe2\x80\x99s later. I thought it came to me very quickly. The book is written I am told, at a sixth grade level and it has about 140 pages. So I ate it up and read it in about 3 days. After reading it I thought to myself. This book makes so much sense. Just 4 agreements and I don\xe2\x80\x99t have to memorize a bunch of affirmations and make sure that I find the right one to say for the situation in my stack of 3X5\xe2\x80\x99 cards. I\xe2\x80\x99m thinking this is one of the best books I\xe2\x80\x99ve read and it\xe2\x80\x99s so simple to understand and implement. So I go in for round two with this book. I\xe2\x80\x99m going to read it again. About half way through the book is when it happens. My vision: It\xe2\x80\x99s 10:00am and I\xe2\x80\x99m sitting at my home office desk reading the book for the second time. The morning light is shining through my French doors. I\xe2\x80\x99m about half way through it when the room goes dark. I turn my chair to the left toward the light switch to see who\xe2\x80\x99s there. I stand and I drop the book to the floor out of my left hand. My desk is to my right. The book lands on a wood floor, bounces a couple of times and makes an echo like a book bouncing on a wood floor in an empty room. (The floor in my office is carpeted) I look around my room and it\xe2\x80\x99s not my room anymore. It\xe2\x80\x99s now as large as a high school gym and empty of everything except for my desk and chair and the floor is wood. My Room looks like an empty school gym. It is then that I see my office door. It\xe2\x80\x99s glowing and the colors on it have changed from white to Lapis Blue and the handle on the door is glowing an Orange/Gold color. The door appears to be breathing in and out. On it\xe2\x80\x99s in breath the door is puffed up and show cracks with the orange/gold color in them. The door and handle are illuminated like they\xe2\x80\x99re ready to explode and catch fire. I see smoke coming in from the door jam around the door frame on its out breath. I walk slowly to the door and grab the handle. I turn it clockwise and crack the door open about an inch to peak outside my room. An intense and bright white light comes through the one inch space. It startles me because of its intense brightness and the speed at which it came through the door so close to my face. The light is just like a laser. It is focused. It\xe2\x80\x99s not like it\xe2\x80\x99s flooding the room with light it\xe2\x80\x99s like a laser beam of bright white/golden light 1 inch wide and as tall as the door. In the light are many small brown particles about the size of pencil erasers. They\xe2\x80\x99re floating and moving along in the light, going by me, not real fast as they come in the door.   Then I open the door all the way. The door opens inward and from left to right. (as it normally would in my office) Immediately upon",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Before,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1465,ME ,1018,30,,M,"I felt an immense wave of well-being flow through me, a sensation of deep love and compassion, accompanied by a physical sensation of being hugged around my arms and chest. I clearly heard the words But you are Loved within my head. The sensation probably lasted less than a minute, but left me feeling euphoric, awed, and profoundly valued and loved, as if I now had an inner assurance that everything would be OK, there was nothing to worry about, and that I could go about the rest of my life with a conviction that there was a dimension of reality beyond what we perceive on a daily basis.    ",,British,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Marine,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1466,NDE,1447,15,,F,"When I was 15 years old, I woke up during the night unable to move my jaw bone. My teeth were clenched and my jaw felt locked. I tried to open my mouth but couldnt. Ive always been calm in a crises so I took a few deep breaths to try and relax, hoping that would release my jaw but it didnt work. I remember saying to myself Ill just go back to sleep and itll be all right in the morning. I fell asleep and saw I was in a tunnel which was lit up. I saw ghostly figures at the end of the tunnel beckoning me forward. Just as I got to the end of the tunnel, it began to recede and I was being drawn back to my bed. This upset me and I fought to get to the light but I couldnt. As I left, one of the ghostly figures told me that if I left I couldnt come back, that this was my only chance to go there. When I woke up, the whole experience felt like a dream, including not being able to move my jaw. I soon forgot about it. Years later when I was in my late thirties, I experienced double vision and went for an MRI. The consultant said I was fine, no problems, but that Id had a mini stroke when I was a teenager. It was then I remembered my experience. I told the consultant what had happened to me at the age of 15, (leaving out the spiritual bit) and he said that it definitely sounded like a mini stroke. Was this a near death experience and was it my only chance? Im quite worried! I would appreciate any insights. Thank you.    ",,Irish cit,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,week,moder,avera,"25,000 49",Junio,n/a. I,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1467,ADC,1390,45,,F,    ,,US citize,"25,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Account,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1468,DEE,1332,54,,F,"See number 43 above. In addition, shortly before this event, I had been reading Alexanders book Proof of Heaven and remarking to myself how I met my husband in 2008, the year that Alexander had his NDE, and that my husband died on the very same day that Alexander was sent home from the hospital, but several years later.    ",,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",docto,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1469,ME ,1220,8,,F,"I stared into my own eyes in the mirror, asking, Who am I, really? After a few minutes of staring, a voice answered, I am the one who looks out from behind your eyes.    ",,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,n/a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1470,DEE,1452,49,,F,It was a long time ago. I dont remember any sound or light just the most incredible source of love I will never forget.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Airline,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1471,ME ,1129,25,,M,See above.    ,,US citize,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,undec,none,"0 24,999",Some,Oh geez,,single,single,Yes,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1472,ADC,1274,52,,F,My observation was the ethereal vision of my mother and my fathers arms hugging me around my shoulders. Both my brother &amp; I had no question whos hug it was as he did it often with his kids. There was no sound that specifically went with anything seen or felt...just the sounds of the hospital. I learned that my father came for my mother and took her Home with him...what a great feeling to know/feel.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Corpora,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1473,ME ,1543,44,,F,"As I stopped at the stop sign I suddenly was aware that I had a second set of eyelids, like some animals do. For the first time ( and so far the last) these eyelids opened. I could see, or it was somehow communicated to me, the reason for all the suffering in the world. I think I said out loud,Oh I see. I understand. It made sense to me. Then, these eyelids closed and I was there at the stop sign in the dark.    ",,U.S. citi,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Airline,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1474,NDE,1171,30,,M,"I fed a hose from exhaust into car and viewed photos of my family as I lost consiousness. I felt an overwhelming comfort and saw a billowing woman in white who did not speak. She conveyed a thought to me that I understood completely. if you want to come on with me its ok. But, there are things that we need you to do. So, the decision is up to you..I opened my car door and tried to stand but fell hitting my face on the concrete at my home. (I still have a small scar as a reminder) My wife found me and took me to the ER. I was fine after a few days. ShE and our children were tested and did not have HIV. We divorced later that year but remain best friends today.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1475,NDE,1010,19,,F,i saw a light; i felt compassion and love; i cant really describe what i heard i guess i also heard compassion and love    ,,citizen,1 mill,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,unemplo,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1476,ME ,1314,33,,M,"I awake to nothing. No body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space: no near, no far, no light or dark. No heat, no cold. No emotion: no joy, no fear. Just calm awareness in a gray void.  A moment / eternity passes. Light! A brilliant sun! And with it, darkness: the fullness of empty space. A small human figure stands in silhouette. My consciousness shifts. I become the figure; a human body standing in space before a radiant globe. I feel! I am bathed in intense light and heat; light and heat so intense that if I were in a physical form I would be vaporized. I am engulfed by boundless, infinite energy; overwhelming energy. Another shift in perception: energy becomes love. Energy and love are the same. Energy is love. I am embraced and cradled: infolded by a boundless field of energy/love, love which is personal yet vast beyond comprehension. I am seen; seen through. The barriers and masks that we construct to present an idealized persona to the world are blown away. Though the experience is veiled to me I perceive that my life in its naked reality is being lived and fully comprehended by a conscious presence. There is no judgment. My being with all its shortcomings, failures, and rough edges is unconditionally accepted, loved, and cherished.  I become aware that what had first appeared like a sun is un-like anything from ordinary reality. I am in the presence of a radiant, fluid luminosity. An amalgam of water and light is the best approximation I can think of. The sense of being before a conscious presence intensifies.  My mind buzzes with the desire to hold It, to explain and contain It with my thought. The more I grasp, however, the more It slips away. It cannot be grasped or named. I give up, let go, and allow myself to simply rest with It. With this shift from desire/grasping to acceptance I am permeated by light. In a blaze, the dark husk of my body flakes away. I become light. I am one with the light. I am the light, a fluid, radiant luminosity. I have no body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space. I am calm awareness in a radiantly luminous field of joyfully dancing light.  A moment / eternity passes. I find myself with a luminous body. A thought is expressed without words: approach your live with joy and gratitude; compassion and acceptance. A cosmic chuckle: clear-eyed and hard-nosed. I am laughed at/with. \xe2\x80\x9cDon\xe2\x80\x99t take your self so seriously\xe2\x80\x9d rings in my mind. As I turn from the light a frigorific presence rushes from behind and past my left ear. It is a transparent nothingness consuming all energy in its path. It radiates a cold animus and an implacable will to be separate; to differentiate. As it rushes past an iron darkness warps around me. It fuses to me and I become dark and solid. I awake to an ordinary day.     ",,American,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Archite,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1477,ME ,1218,60,,M,"The English language does not have words to adequately describe the feelings but here goes. The atmosphere in the room began slowly to change, it began to thicken and become more dense and there was an overwhelming presence in the room and the atmosphere. It felt as though there was else outside the room, nothing existed outside that room, it was like a separate bubble. Then the sensation of love started to permeate the air. I am not talking of a happy lovey type feeling, no this was an intense overwhelming love that went straight through the body and mind. It was absolute unconditional love and a clear message came into my head that love is the essential truth. The experience was so overwhelming that tears began to flow and I had to move away from the couch so not to wet the person lying there. The sensation lasted for several minutes and then began to fade.    ",,British c,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Outreac,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1478,DEE,1293,61,,F,"On August 20, 2006, Holy Spirit visited me. I was creating beaded jewelry that I sold at different outlets. I had finished a line of bracelets and cleared off my beading table, and put away all my beads, to make room for a new line of bracelets I wanted to make. I walked away from the table but when I returned, I saw in the middle of the cleaned-off area a Christian cross made up of small, clear glass pebbles. You know, the kind that are rounded on one side and flat on the other side. I liked these clear glass pebbles and kept a glass of them on my beading table to look at and to play with. The cross was positioned on the table askew--1:00 / 7:00. The lines of the glass pebbled cross were absolutely perfectly straight. The long part of the cross was made up of all one side of the pebbles while the short part was made up of the other side. I stood there and just stared at the glass cross. For the first few seconds, I was in a mild state of shock. I searched my brain to see if I had done that and forgot, but no. I thought if Hank might have done it but didnt think he would have. Then I knew where it came from and got the chills. But I had to eliminate Hank just to be sure, so I called him in. I pointed to the cross and asked if he did this. He stared at the cross and said no. I told him I didnt do it either. I told him that Holy Spirit did it. He didnt say anything about this. We looked at it some more and then went back to work. I tried to Crazy Glue the glass pebbles together to keep it as it was but the round glass pebbles wouldnt hold together even with this glue. The glue residue dirtied up the pretty clear glass pebbles (as you can see in the uploaded image) but I didnt want to clean them off. I wanted to keep them as they were. I put the pebbles in a pretty silk sack and kept it together with my other Signs from God. I went to my spiritual journal and recorded this experience, like I did with all the others. Now I keep these pebbles out in the open in the shape of the cross on a plate with my DAD envelope next to it.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1479,DEE,1439,42,,M,"I saw the white light an that changed my view of the world. I suddenly understood what love is and the Power of love. I also understood in a different way most of the speaking from Jesus and other spiritual persons as Eckhart Tolle, Deepak Chopra, etc. In some way I just recoqnized what they were saying as the truth.    ",,Norwegian,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1480,ADC,1455,34,,F,"With regards to the above....when I got home, my husband was not there, but a note on the counter he had left me said Chryalsis, I am ashamed to say I didnt know how to pronounce it so I went about my usual chores. When my husband got home I asked him what it was, when he pronounced it everything came together, I was standing there with my mouth open. He went on to say it is a battered womans shelter who needs womens business clothes to help the women there get out and get a jog so they can be on their own and be successful. My best friend Amanda was adopted...she tried for years to find her birth mother....when she finally found her...it was two weeks after her birth mother had died from a beating from a husband. Amanda never got to meet her. I had no doubt this was a communication to me as to where she wanted her clothes to go. I have had several more communication even up to present day.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,I owned,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1481,NDA,1306,30,,F,I broke down in tears and had an overwhelming sense that I was where I needed to be and that everything was finally going to be okay.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",some,Tattoo,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1482,ME ,1485,20,,F,"To put as simply as possible (not easy to do) I became identified with love and with God. I was immersed in and surrounded by non-visual spiritual light. Yet I was outside duality of light and dark altogether. I was inside and outside myself at the same time. It was a healing experience that washed away all my past traumas. I forgave everyone and everything, including myself. And then I felt the purpose of my life, which included the healing of other people. And then I gradually came back to earth.    ",,Full nati,"100,00",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",some,Student,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1483,ME ,1243,34,,F,see attached document    ,,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,freelan,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1484,ADC,1071,18,,F,My grandmother was wearing a light blue chiffon looking gown similar to the one I remember her being buried in. She radiated light from within and around her. She was holding my baby niece in her arms and said to me that Jessie would be with her and that everything would be ok. The dream was very short and I do not recall any other details if there were any.    ,,Natural c,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,I was j,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1485,NDE,1192,10,,F,"Coolness. Being wrapped up in peace. Movement forward. Again, no voice, but a sound. I can still hear it. A whooshing of sorts. it was so comforting. Amazing.    ",,Citizen U,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Child,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
1486,ME ,1362,40,,F,well I saw my father sitting up in his hospital bed completely bathed in light white white light. He was glowing. He was very happy. The ventilation tube had been removed from his throat. He said to us that the worst part about the surgery was the ventilation tube and machine. He was so glad to have it out. I told me Mom about it and I had a strong feeling that my dad was going to be fine and come away okay from the surgery. When I told my Mom she wondered if the bright light could have meant my Dad had died. But I assured her that I knew he was going to be just fine. Well. That day when we visited my Dad in the hospital he was sitting up in bed there was light from the window on him illuminating him! He said The worst part of it all was the ventilation tube.    ,,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,moder,"100,000+",maste,Childre,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1487,OBE,1465,6,,F,Other than remembering what I did to remove myself and the fact that I would do this and that it was fun I dont remember too much else.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",maste,child,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1488,NDE,1041,41,,F,"see above. as far as what I learned I still had a purpose on earth, and it was to be a guardian for others. My brothers and sisters were EVERYBODY regardless of religion or sex or anything we were all one, but people didnt get it, nor would they. I had to be an example. And this would breed more love. Not because of ME, but because of the Loving Creator who lived through me and everyone. I knew who I was, and I knew my mother would be passing soon. I knew I would be taken care of, as the man kept giving me money...I knew I was to follow native american principles of love the sacred earth and that all are my brothers and sisters, as Yeshu / Jesus said.    ",,Citizen U,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1489,ADC,1456,34,,F,"Amanda was radient, she had beautiful dark hair against the all white clothes, her smile was big and honest and happy to see me. I didnt hear anyting really, as soon as I saw her I said HIIIIiiiiiiii, how are you doing?!?!?!?!? Then we have a very long two way conversation.    ",,US    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Owned a,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1490,PLR,1006,31,,F,"I was meditating, as I had done hundreds of times before. All of the sudden, I had an experience that felt like a past-life experience. First, you should know that I am a petite female (52, very slender). But in my meditation, all of the sudden I was sitting on a horse and it was sometime around the 10th or 12th century. I was a large man. I could feel my heft. I was wearing a helmet and some kind of armor and vest that had a chain design of some sort. It was heavy.  I had just returned from war. I was going home to my wife and children. I was sitting on my horse, on a hill, looking down at the house towards the right. It was a very long single story house that had a series of very small windows that ran horizontally across the house, and it had a dark roof that looked like it was made of straw or some textured material. It was a dark color and I could see lights from candles inside the house. I knew my wife and children were in there, waiting for my return. I sat and looked at the house and had a feeling of sadness. I was happy to be home but I felt that this life was so hard, war was so hard. It was just a feeling of life being a burden, and feeling sad about all of it. The house was down towards my right, below the hill, and if I looked to my left I could see a harbor which is where I had some from. There were boats. I remember that it was very cold. And I remember that I could feel my heft. Like I could actually feel what it felt like to be that large. I knew what the name of the harbor was. Then all of the sudden I was standing on something that is hard to describe it was like a wooden platform or large wood cart with wheels and it was being pulled by horses. I was standing on it and holding the reigns while the horses pulled this thing I was standing on. We were entering a castle. I worked at the castle. I was some kind of fighter. And then I came up out of my meditation.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,never,never,avera,very st,"0 24,999",docto,Graduat,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1491,ADC,1153,44,,F,"My best friend passed into Spirit on May 15, 2004 at the age of 45, after a 10 year battle with HER-2 Breast Cancer. We had spent 40 years weaving the fabric of our lives together in a dance that was just magical. Ours is a long story of love and friendship. It is hard to relay in a few words the significance of this miracle,but I will try.  Two years ago Karen started having massive headaches and was feeling weird. We were headed off to a healing weekend in New York State and having a grand time. It was just the two of us tooling around in the car and laughing and enjoying each others company. At one point, she became very serious and told me she thought her chemotherapy may be causing these symptoms. She was struggling as to whether or not to go off the chemo and just let God do His work. I told her this was a huge decision and one not to be taken lightly. I am a big believer in asking God to give us a sign when we need an answer to an important or not so important question. Because this was a VERY important question, I told her she needed to ask for a sign that would be unquestionable! Something so unusual that it could only be from God. I then said, How about if we see a green donkey? Then you can go off chemotherapy. She giggled and said, That sounds great. The rest of the weekend we searched for a green donkey. We found yellow pigs, purple cows, red dogs and even a green horse.How we tried to rationalize that a horse is almost a donkey. But we knew it had to be a Green Donkey. We even spent the next afternoon in Woodstock, NY going through every store but never found a green donkey. A week later the headaches continued and she went for an MRI. Her father also passed away from Alzheimers this same week. On the morning of his funeral, she received a phone call from her oncologist telling her the cancer had spread to her brain. She went through the whole day, a huge funeral, and never told a soul except her husband what she had found out that morning. She had courage beyond human strength. She made it through brain surgery and massive radiation and lived two more years. She passed on May 15, 2004 surrounded by her whole family. What follows is what I said at her memorial service (which 700 people attended). Notice the part about the green donkey toward the end. I have had the pleasure of knowing Karen for over 40 years and calling her one of my best and dearest friends. But I know I am just one of countless best friends that Karen had...there was something about her that just made you want to be close to her and know her better. To Karens family...she was a mom, a wife, a sister, a daughter, and a cousin, but for the vast majority of us here today, she was our friend. A friend of the truest sense and one that was there for each of us no matter what was going on in her life. Remarkable, selfless, trustworthy, sincere, kind, compassionate, spiritual, and beautiful are words that can only begin to describe Karen. Besides being a friend,Karen was a teacher. She taught me more about strength and courage than I ever wanted to know. When my son deployed to Afghanistan last Oct, she came to me one day like an angel sent from God. She held me, cried with me and instilled in me The Power of Now. This gave me strength that I did not know I had. If I can take one tenth of her strength and live the rest of my life, then I will be happy. I will miss her human presence more than I can even imagine at this time... her spirit while she was on this Earth was immeasurable. What I look forward to from this day on is how she will guide, love, and watch over each of us in her new found strength in SPIRIT. And so I say to you my dear Karen, Godspeed to you on this new journey you have undertaken. I know Daddy was holding your green donkey and that now you know all the Divine Order that is so hard for us to understand here on Earth. I giggle at the thought of our next life together and I ask you Sister Karen to hold down the abbey until I get there. When I returned home from her service that evening, there was a message on my answering machine from my son, who was in Afghanistan, serving in the US Army. He had never, ever called on a weeknight since he had deployed, until that night. This in and of itself spoke volumes to me. I was sad I had missed his call, but I knew he was OK and surely sending me some love from afar, even though he did not know of Karens death yet. Karen had given me extreme comfort and support while she was alive in regards to his deployment and no matter what was going on in her life, she always asked how my son was doing. That same night, the phone rang again around 2:30 AM and it was my son. What a joy to hear his voice! We spoke for about 20 minutes and during the conversation he mentioned that his best buddy and teammate had put new pictures up on a website ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",colle,At the,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1492,ME ,1154,18,,F,"Suddenly while listening to the tape, I had a profound and total sense that I was one with everything, I was looking at the sky through the window, and as I looked on the moon and the stars, I felt and knew that they were love. I dont know how to describe it other than everything WAS love, and I was one with everything. There was NO separation. The car seat in front of me, the empty can of soda, EVERYTHING. The feeling lasted breifly, maybe a matter of a minute or two. It was the single Best most amazing feeling I have ever had, and I only hope I will have it again one day, even if its not until the afterlife, I can wait. It just gives me hope.    ",,Citizen.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",Some,I was i,,single,separ,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1493,NDE,1138,34,,F,"As I pondered my situation, I slowly became aware of overwhelming feelings of peace, love, acceptance, and certain knowledge of perfection and purpose. I felt great awe. It quickly became clear to me that the light was the ultimate intellect, love, and creative force. The psychological environment in which I now existed literally permeated around and through me. I knew that Light knew my every nuance, every thought, and every deed. Amazingly, it still loved me, even viewed me with a certain sense of delighted humor. In an odd way the Light was part of me. Yet it was also everything else. As I easily, and happily, settled into this new environment I realized that time and space were very different than what I was used to. I could follow multiple trains of thought and experience in what seemed to be a simultaneous manner. It was akin to how we use time in dreams in that numerous situations were playing out in \xe2\x80\x98no time\xe2\x80\x99. I was luxuriating in the perfection of the situation, while simultaneously making mental notes of my surroundings. At the same time, Light was addressing me thru telepathy and instilling within me what I later called scrolls of knowledge. These scrolls unraveled and revealed information about the true nature of reality. I think that the figurative scrolls were thought forms that existed within Light and Light was mentally pushing them onto my consciousness. I had no idea what they meant, as the ideas and knowledge contained within was light years more complex than I could grasp. I sensed the periphery and intent of the scrolls and knew that it would take eternity to sort it all out. Still, the bit I could sort out made it clear that in the physical dimension we are capable of experience far beyond what we ever imagined. Prior to the NDE I had experienced three enormously frightening out-of-bodies. Frightening because I \xe2\x80\x98caught myself\xe2\x80\x99 in the upper corner of the ceiling, watching myself sleep on each occasion. I did not know what was happening. I had never heard of an out-of-body experience. Now I knew, clearly, that the out-of-bodies were normal, and just the tip of the iceberg of what humans could and should experience. I received, thru telepathically transmitted images and thoughts, a glimpse of the fully developed multi-dimensional being. As I floated within Light, numerous paths of information were being delivered to me. I felt peaceful, and perfect. Suddenly I heard a deep male voice say, \xe2\x80\x9cDo you want to go back?\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cBack?\xe2\x80\x9d I thought, \xe2\x80\x9cback to where?\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cIf you want to go back, concentrate on that noise\xe2\x80\x9d, it said. My thought was NO; I do not want to go anywhere! The thought of leaving this new, yet strangely familiar, environment seemed a travesty. Still for some reason I turned my attention slightly to the left. Far away, as if thru a long train tunnel, I heard a faint noise. As I listened more intently, it got louder. I realized it was my beloved husband Ed. He was screaming my name. The next thing I knew, I was coming to consciousness in my bed. After returning to physicality I felt very lethargic and drifted off to sleep. The NDE remained clear in my mind. I didn\xe2\x80\x99t know what it was, having never heard of an NDE, but I knew it was real. The next day Ed phoned me at work and said he had scheduled an appointment with my doctor, and was coming over to take me to it. At the doctor\xe2\x80\x99s office he said I had been having some sort of seizure that did not involve convulsions. It was more like a dead person. He said my body had seized up like it was frozen and my eyes had rolled back in my head. He hadn\xe2\x80\x99t told me until now, as he did not want to scare me. I thought I had just lost consciousness.     ",,USA citiz,"251,00",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,Account,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1494,ADC,1020,56,,F,"When I traveled to Ohio for my mothers funeral, I suddenly got in touch with my repressed anger at my mother, also I felt the fear I had of her. The next day I really felt the anger and decided to not take anything of my mothers so I would not be reminded of her. Then suddenly I felt a feeling of deep nurturing and well-being and knew my mother would like for me to take anything I needed. It was a spiritual communication. The next day I had an argument with my mother as she explained why she hid all pictures of me and other matters. She said she had the right to make her home comfortable for her. Then a few days later, I again felt her spiritual presence in the kitchen of my home, where she said re. my anger that I should just get over it and that this was the last visit she would make to me because she had to move on. I know this was a real spiritual experience because I had one at approximately at age 7 and remembered the same feeling of deep nurturing and well being in spite of being in a bad situation. That experience is for another entry.    ",,U.S. citi,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,student,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1495,DEE,1136,47,,M,just did that    ,,AUSTRALIA,"25,000",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Prefer no,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",maste,builder,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1496,DEE,1168,8,,F,"She told me some scary things were about to come but wouldnt say what. Just that it may seem dark but there is love in the darkness. I must know I am safe and I am loved. It was like a lullaby, there is nothing to fear, you are in our arms. We are watching over you always.    ",,Citizen,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Childho,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1497,DEE,1136,47,,M,just did that    ,,AUSTRALIA,"25,000",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Prefer no,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",maste,builder,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1498,DEE,1253,33,,F,"As I was praying, I felt a hand on my shoulder and heard a man say, Everythings going to be OK and simultaneously, my body was flooded with an incredibly warm sense of peace. It was like a big beam of sunshine blasted all the way to my inner core and the sunshine delivered peace. Its hard to explain but at the moment that the hand touched me and I was told that everything would be fine, I knew that everything really was going to be fine and my mind was INSTANTLY put at peace (and my body felt warm and safe). I opened my eyes to say thank you to the priest. Thats when I saw that THERE WAS NO ONE THERE. The priest was moving down the far end of the altar. There was a sunbeam coming through the stained glass window, but it wasnt some super nova strong enough to give me the warmth that I had felt. Also, I felt the hand on my should up until the second I opened my eyes. And the voice was a VOICE. I HEARD IT WITH MY EARS. It was not inside my head.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",maste,homemak,,separ,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1499,ME ,1103,20,,M,"As I stood there crying and asking God why he would put me through this I heard a voice. It was not exactly audible, but I heard it in my mind as though it was audible. The statement was very short and concise: You are not alone. That was all. It wasnt booming. It didnt have attending angels or visions, only that one sentence. And yet the reality of it stuck with me. It was not like it hit home or bowled me over. It was just .... true. And nothing else. My grief didnt end, my situation didnt change. The heartbreak continued for months afterwards. However, it made a mark in me that I could not ignore. It is almost as if I could never be naive again about being alone. I shook my fist and cursed God sometimes, but I have never, since that day, believed I was alone. Oh, I am sometimes lonely, but thats situational. I never believe Im alone.    ",,Natural c,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1500,OBE,1421,54,,F,I saw what I imagine must have been a vision:very simply clouds &amp; sunlight in a bright sky but I was in the sky about plane height. The vision was incredibly clear a dream would me very fuzzy in comparison. I could SEE every detail    ,,South Afr,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,avera,moder,"0 24,999",some,medical,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1501,OBE,1092,24,,F,"Peace... like no other. If you tried to worry you just would not be able too. I was aware I was me, and I was ok with that.    ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Telepho,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1502,ADC,1012,72,,F,see above    ,,citizen o,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Legal S,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1503,OBE,1133,39,,M,"The night before I had this experience was a very emotional point in my life, the world seemed so terribly unjust and cruel that I was at a breaking point, that evening when arriving home walking from my car to the front door I paused to look up into the star filled sky with tears rolling down my cheeks quietly cried Why, why, why? I could not understand how the complete innocents of this world could be treated so terribly, how children could suffer so unjustly under the hand of others. I cried to sky as the universe because I could not believe in a God and had little faith in anything spiritual, if any.  Since rejecting the belief in God at the age of about 22, I did not believe such a thing could exist, because any such God which would allow these kinds of things to happen wasnt any kind of God to me. I couldnt pray to the concept of God but the universe was real, the immense out there, the all that is was something I could pour out my heart to without needing a belief in God. That night I gave the heavens my full heart seeking an answer to that question, with all my heart tearfully pleading for the answer. The next afternoon I received an answer to that question; since we are all a part of one another we do it to ourselves.  Although the answer didnt completely make up for all of the pain, much of the edge of that pain was taken off by finally being able to understand why such terrible things could happen to others in our world, to simply understand we have the freedom of choice to do such things because in the wider perspective the reality is we are all one and in that hurting no one else other than ourselves. Because of this and this alone we are allowed the freedom to do good or evil, if we werent really one I do not believe the spiritual heart of life would allow such to occur, call that center God, the conscious collective, the collective soul or what ever name you might choose. I finally came to understand, in the end we all pay the price for any wrong as well as reap the reward for any good and this took away much of the anger I had against reality for allowing terrible things to happen to good people.  The following is how the answer came to me through a dream-vision which was the most lucid moment of my life before or since but I must also add the following; the experience and my conclusions from it are my own made from who I am as a individual and how I saw the experience. Was it really God on high I met? I thought it was but beyond my own belief I cannot say it was, perhaps I met a collective soul which was so wonderful to me I thought it was God when in fact God might be levels above, so to speak,.   The Vision: Meeting a Sun-Intelligence-God. Sun of Souls~Souls of Sun; One Spirit~One Life.  Note: This experience was no doubt individually viewed through my own shade of colored glasses, limited to my own ability to understand things at the time, how I needed to be shown who we really are. This may have been brought on by severe apnea, a problem I had where I could stop breathing for long periods of time. I believe I may have stopped breathing for far too long that afternoon and had come close to death producing this NDE-like experience. I dont really know if this was a OOBE or due to apnea, but either way, what ever caused the experience it deeply impacted my outlook on life, what and who we really are.  One warm afternoon in 1996 I took a short nap and unexpectedly awoke within my slumber to find myself in a vast void in the presence of a huge sun or sphere of light, quickly coming to the understanding that this sun was pure conscious awareness. I was completely surprised to find myself so fully conscious in this empty but light-filled void which I knew to be more real than waking reality, in this place feeling super-conscious beyond anything I had experienced before. Although the light was without any kind of visual hint of facial features, I strongly sensed it smiling nothing but love for me and through those feelings knowing an unseen face.  While in the presence of this light I immediately and fully felt it peering deeply into my own awareness, lovingly knowing everything about me all at once. Feeling such love coming from this light I suddenly came to an awareness that this sun was God! I was so overwhelmed and surprised that God was real that I mentally gasped and then yelled out, \xe2\x80\x9cYou\xe2\x80\x99re Real!\xe2\x80\x9d. Just prior to this experience I had a deep mistrust of religion and rejected the concept of any kind of God or creator, much less the idea there was any continuation for human beings beyond our physical lives. Years before this experience, I had decided for many seemingly valid reasons that religion and God were only a product of the human mind, yet there I was standing in the presence of what I knew without a doubt wa",,USA    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",Did not,Satelli,,marri,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1504,ME ,1032,20,,F,"Within 48 hours from the time my letter was hand delivered to Harry by my father, I was flying! I had abundant energy which was a very new feeling for me. I had a tingling sensation in my right side by the liver and I was emotionally uplifted. I knew that something I could not see was helping me more than any medical treatment or doctor had ever done for me.    ",,I am a US,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",docto,I had j,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1505,ADC,1374,45,,F,"The guide got us to a certain level of depth during the meditation and asked who we saw there. Mt brother, who had been a quadriplegic from the age of 16 and in a vwheelchair, came up to me with open arms. He looked very different from how I knew him. He had dark curly hair and was wearing a crisp white linen shirt and slacks. He had a confident bearing and long stride. He took me into hisvarms and said you are forgiven and you are loved.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,avera,none,"50,000 99",colle,Respira,,separ,divor,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1506,NDE,1033,28,,F,I heard a soft voice urgently tell me to move my legs so that the fire could not get to my heart. I could not go with her because I had to stay with the children. I saw my two childrens faces before me and I struggled very hard to move my legs. I could feel the heat of the lightning moving in my body.     ,,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1507,ADC,1085,58,,M,"I fell asleep right away and slept soundly, something I wasnt used to. During my sleep it became light and my dad was right in front of me. He was smiling and told me the answer to my prayers in a way only dad would answer... Charlie, in order to succeed you have to be committed. It was crystal clear that it was him and the message he delivered was meant to reveal the two paths I had to choose from... To be committed to my work or be committed to the Psych ward. I felt such joy as I have ever felt with the surity that the encounter was real and that he knew that I would understand that he is watching over me; that being committed to my work meant being committed to my life. I think of him now when things get a little rough and look forward to seeing him on the othe3r side.    ",,us citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1508,DEE,1426,18,,F,"I had been battling depression for a year or two. I was at the point of not being able to feel many emotions, I was anxious, and waking each morning felt like more of a curse than a blessing. On a random morning I awoke to a feeling of great love, and a voice inside me said everything will be ok from now on. This feeling of love lasted the entire day. I was in love but didnt know why or how, and this feeling was felt for every person I met that day, including strangers. The next morning when I woke this feeling was gone, and I was back to having no feelings at all, back in my depressed state. I had never experienced a feeling like this before, and it was so strong, and came out of nowhere, that I figured it must be the love of God. This encounter healed me, and set me on a course of learning more about God.    ",,natural b,1 2000,agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",some,high sc,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1509,ME ,1459,21,,M,"I pretty much did above. What I learned was that true Love is expressed as a gift from God. I have had many even more intense experiences since than. Some lasting for over a week, with angels, and engtering a mystical yet very natural at home realm. Being more real than reality!    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,dail,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,College,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1510,ADC,1374,45,,F,"The guide got us to a certain level of depth during the meditation and asked who we saw there. Mt brother, who had been a quadriplegic from the age of 16 and in a vwheelchair, came up to me with open arms. He looked very different from how I knew him. He had dark curly hair and was wearing a crisp white linen shirt and slacks. He had a confident bearing and long stride. He took me into hisvarms and said you are forgiven and you are loved.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,avera,none,"50,000 99",colle,Respira,,separ,divor,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1511,NDE,1076,19,,F,"Through light tunnel incredibly fast with woshing sound. Arrived in dark space, with life review. Pixel like snapshots of life events. Stopped at times whenI had done something on purpose that was bad. I had been mean and hurt someone physically when angry. It was explained that these were to be judged because my intention was wrong. Intention is the thing. This was communicated telepathically by a kind presence. I didnt feel it was God or Jesus but someone other. The presence had humor and was kind. I was asked what I wanted to do with my life and asked to dig deep. When asked if I wanted to stay I was ambivilant and asked what I REALLY wanted and why. I realized I needed to get back as my mother would be destroyed if I died. She had had multiple miscarriages and lost a live birth boy. If she lose me her only living child, shed be a mess. As soon as I realized this I woke up in the car. A police officer screamed shes alive and I rolled down the window and crawled out of the car. No one could believe it.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,Student,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
1512,DEE,1205,45,,F,"Well it has been a few years, but here is what happened. I was at Mass. We attend weekly. This week, for some reason, my eyes kept being drawn towards the rafters above the altar. I kept feeling a presence, actually two, playfully going from rafter to rafter. Ive felt presences before, never at church. Whenever I do, I usually just ignore, or if it is strong enough, tell it to call on the name of Christ. So the feeling kept getting stronger and stronger, I finally stated silently for the things to play quieter so I could concentrate on the Mass. They didnt leave though. And we lined up for the Holy Eucharist, and I received the Body of Christ from Rita, a long time parishoner and dedicated Eucharistic minister. As soon as she gave the Host to me, I didnt even get to walk to my seat when I heard a loud CRASH! The silver bowl witht the Host was dropped because Rita collapsed and died on the spot. As soon as that happened, I slowly felt the presences leave. Come to find out about a week later at Ritas funeral, that she used to be a nun, she was in love with the Eucharist, and her life-long wish was to die IN THE CHURCH, GIVING OUT THE EUCHARIST. Those angels in the rafters (or whatever celestial beings they were) were there for Rita. I only observed, or felt their presence. This isnt the first time Ive felt unearthly presences, but most definitely the strongest. You can check on Ritas death if you want to confirm this, just let me know and I will give you the name of the parish and the presiding priest. Please keep me nameless, for now. Thank you.     ",,US citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,avera,"100,000+",Some,Office,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1513,ME ,1440,21,,F,"Dear Dr. Alexander, Thank you so much for your book, Proof of Heaven. I have not had a NDE, but I experience a variety of connections with/in my own body. I thought I would share them with you so that you might be able to incorporate these ideas and implications into the knowledge you now possess. Mini-bio: I am 32 years old, lesbian, a former college athlete, white, middle-class/U.S., non-religious. When I was in my teens, I was inexplicably drawn to spiritual books for the greater part of 2-3 years, and then that continued into college (previously, I detested reading anything). There was no explanation for this; I detested organized religion as well. I read books by Brian Weiss Many Lives, Many Masters; Charles Tart (actually flew to California to see him speak); Gary Schwartz, among many others. I found myself reading anything and everything I could find on reincarnation, psychics, NDEs, mystical ideas and the like. As I read more, it seemed like the reading experience was such that the more I read, the deeper I went into things I already knew...and that is what kept me reading. In part, I also think that I connected this knowledge with a more sociological knowledge of the body/spirit, particularly by way of sexuality since I was also, simultaneously, coming into the awakening of my sexuality and the relationship between aesthetic experience and physical sensation. For me, there was this immediate connection between sexuality and spirituality. At any rate, I went on in college to major in psychology, sociology, and religion/philosophy. I was one of the very few students in school that defended the reality of psi phenomenon, having never literally not really experienced it myself up to that point. I read the stories and just knew they were real. As I read more, and defended the idea more and more, I began to experience more in the way of expanded consciousness. All of this started shortly after this 2-3 year stint of reading. My clairvoyance is somehow limited by time; I know things are going to happen and Im informed of them, but only about 10 minutes prior. I receive information/images in the waking state in the form of symbolic interactions i.e. ideas are communicated by the meaning my psyche will construct if I cogitate about what very material relations actually mean or feel like specifically to me i.e. the particular is what carries the universal intent of the message/the lesson. In your terminology, I think that is my bodys way of adapting to the inflow of messages that it knows are from the outside. Most often, it goes like this: I will be receiving information that I can feel is information coming through and I will pay very close attention to the content because I know it is not just my own random thoughts (i.e. I would probably be a good receiver in telepathic studies). I will then obsess about what I can make of the structural relations of that content in the very context of my theoretical/sociological categories/knowledge...because it seems to me that it is in figuring out that puzzle that explains why it is that Im receiving that message. Sometimes I can figure out who it needs to reach. I guess this ties in with the quotation on your website that all thoughts and actions are interconnected...and that is true at every level. Story 2: Although it may have nothing or everything do with me, the night I was on my bed studying, crying, and mourning my deceased cousin who died the night prior she came to visit me by staging a physical impossibility... because she knew that would register to me (Im also a very scientific mind I see the possible by way of the impossible. My family makes fun of me for always asking for percentages and probabilities in all aspects of life). :) Anyway, the night prior to this, I remember the light bulb above my bed blowing out I could hear the filament hit the glass of the bulb. Nonetheless, I had left the light switch up/circuit open. As I was sitting there crying the second night, thinking about Beth, and feeling guilty that we had not connected more the year before when she requested that, the light illuminated in a fashion akin to those lights that very gradually get brighter/lighter by touch. It lasted for about 10 seconds. It illuminated in a way that is not possible given the type of light it is; it wasnt on a dimmer switch. And the visual was as if a blast of energy had simply traveled through the space. I know to a degree of 100% that this light bulb had totally and completely blown out the night prior. I was sitting in the exact same place. I immediately knew it was her, and was immediately brought to tears, again. I verbally thanked her. The next day I took the light bulb to a philosophy professor of mine who was very familiar with modern physics. He was a materialist. I told him what happened, asked if there was s",,U.S. citi,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",maste,I didnt,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1514,ME ,1190,54,,F,I felt liquid fire at the top of my head which dripped all the way downward to my chest    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Adminis,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1515,ADC,1233,45,,F,"One morning about six weeks after Chelsy died I had this overwhelming urge to call Diana. I didnt know why or what I would say but I called her right right after I got out of the shower, wet head and all.....at the end of the reading she said wait, wait....your daughter is coming to me.....its her....she is with a guide....hes someone from your past, helping her now.....she is not speaking but she wants you to know how happy she is....she is holding up pictures of beautiful flowers, vivid colors, she is smiling from ear to ear. Then she said Chelsy wants you to know how much love her body holds for you. And that her job in heaven was to help her sister Carrie. At that point I lost it, again crying uncontrollably....I had never heard of an encounter like this. Afterwards I wrote it all down so I wouldnt forget it.....then like Dr Alexander I read everything I could get my hands on. Hello from Heaven comes to mind along with Embraced by the Light......I was obscessed to learn everything that I could about what had happened. I didnt tell too many people as I knew my Christian friends may be judgemental about my involvement with the psychic. Hell, after all I had been through, who should judge...God was merciful to me; Diana helped me more than any counselor ever did in my lifetime.    ",,"USA, born","25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,My back,,divor,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1516,DEE,1349,44,,F,"At that moment when I was in despair, I felt a physical touch in the middle of my forehead, on my third eye, which is what I was told later. It actually gently pushed my head into my pillow. At that moment I felt the most incredible sensation of love, acceptance and forgiveness that I have ever experienced. It only lasted a few brief seconds, but I was absolutely changed forever by the experience.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Freelan,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1517,DEE,1001,12,,,"I looked behind me to thank the young boy but he was not there. He simply vanished. When I caught up with my friends I asked them if they had seen a young boy and they said no. I assume the young boy was a guardian angel who interevened to save my life. If the snake had bitten me, I would have been dead within 20 minutes. Coral snakes are among the most deadly and venomous in the world.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,,,,,never,never,none,none,"0 24,999",maste,student,,single,marri,,none,,youth
1518,ME ,1030,49,,F,"I pulled onto the Interstate and slid into the left lane. The car in front of me was a red convertible and as I pulled closer I realized that I knew by the vanity plates who the person was driving the car. The plates were and I knew that was the owner of the Hotel who we knew socially. Then a voice spoke to me and gave me instructions and reasons why all at the same time and in just a few seconds I had been told what I had to do to be safe. The voice explained that the car was about to go out of control and speed into the center median. Then the person driving it would over-correct and speed across the interstate in front of me just in time for me to T-bone the car and kill both of us. The voice told me to simply take my foot off the gas and coast...that would slow my car enough to avoid hitting the car and the semis behind me would not hit me. Just exactly as the instructions were completed I took my foot off the gas and the entire scene played out before me. The car started running off to the left into the median kicking grass up and speeding toward the steel barrier...at 1st I thought it would be sliced in 2 right down the middle, but then the driver began to swerve back into my lane. He cut across 2 lanes...and because I had already slowed down ...he missed me by inches...clipped the car behind me and to my right and slammed into the guard-rail on the other side of the interstate.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Sales,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1519,ADC,1110,42,,M,"Sr. Mary Joan was 96 when she deceased. She had a particular devotion to St. Theresa, The little Flower. When Sister would petition the Little Flower typically the sign of flowers would appear. Sister once told me that when I met my wife, I would receive a sign and I did.  I had bought a new cell phone, Sister was ill but not dying or anything. I had not spoke to her in a couple of months and had been meaning to go to Camilla Hall (IHM nun retirement) for a visit.  One day while checking for a water leak outside on December 13th, I noticed my rosebushes were in bloom. I immediately thought of Sister and what is she up too now. I called and was told she died. I clipped the roses and gave one to each of my family and put the rest in a bag for her niece. I didnt know how many there were so I dropped off the bag. 5 siblings and 5 roses. I know in my heart of hearts the roses were a sign of her giving me a heads up on her passing. We were very close. She died a month before.    ",,USA Citiz,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Softwar,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1520,ME ,1558,49,,F,In the video we observed a light blue round object (Orb) fly in at a fast speed and bounce around as it watched the balloons fly away in the far.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,Medical,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1521,ADC,1120,30,,F,It felt like a presence next to me. It felt like the presence put their arm around me to comfort me. It did not feel like an actual person putting their arm around me. But the energy felt that way. And I knew it was my mom. I felt it was her comforting me. There was nobody who could comfort me.     ,,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,undec,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Mental,,single,single,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1522,ADC,1354,37,,F,"I had a dream. In it, I saw a small, frail old man walking slowly. It was dark, but I could see him as easily as if it was daylight. There was no background (furniture, buildings, trees), no sense of place or location. He was smiling and had on an ill-fitting suit that was too big for him. I felt sorry for him, because he was dressed in such an ill-fitting suit yet he didnt seem to realize it. Then I heard or sensed a voice that told me not to feel sorry for him because he was truly happy. In the morning, my husband got a phone call from his mother. His grandfather (a small, frail old man who looked just like the man in my dream) had died during the night. We werent aware that he was ill or anything. We hadnt been thinking about him or talking about him. Strangely, in the phone conversation, Brians mother mentioned that she had to go shopping for a new suit for him to be buried in. He had lost weight the last few years, and none of his suits fit him anymore.    ",,U.S. citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,very st,"100,000+",colle,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1523,ADC,1385,37,,F,"    After closing the front door shut, I looked up to see this very sad look on my Daughters face, she was crying. I didnt think for one minute she was dead. I told her to come down off the stairs and she just looked at me blankly, pleadingly. That look will haunt me all my life. It was then I noticed my dressing gown belt, which was made of a silk like material around her neck. Reflecting back on this, I realise now that the stitches had broken so this had stretched giving the illusion, Tracey was standing on the stairs, leaning against the wall.    Thinking she was unconscious but alive, I realised by locking the door, I had locked out any chance of help from neighbours. I asked my little girl to go in the kitchen and get a chair. Put it near the bench and stand on it. On the top of the cabinets above, there are some scissors, bring them to me?    Bless her, she done everything asked of her while I held Tracey from her own weight. My little boy cried and cried and cried in a panic and was too young to understand the urgency what was going on around him other than he knew there was something very wrong.     I cut my Daughter free, called 999 then started Life saving techniques. I did have the support of the emergency service by phone. Although the ambulance service is a five minute journey to my home, I found out later there was a mix-up as the houses were within the first six months of building and the postcode had not gone on the register.     Thirty five minutes later, with a two year old still screaming and a five year old who thought there was blood on her sisters neck when actually was the marks like rubber bands make if you leave them a while around your wrist.     This was so traumatic for everyone who knew her. I also has two other children to consider. One aged thirteen who my now dead Daughter was very close to and my eldest Daughter, who was married and living in army quarters of Germany    Without my other children, I would not be here today. They gave me a reason to go on. They had suffered enough. My Daughter was pronounced dead when the ambulance eventually arrived.    ",,Full UK r,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Student,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1524,ADC,1131,47,,F,"As above, in 43, I told my beloved pet I loved him and missed him, looking at his box of ashes I had received two hours earlier, lying on the floor at his favorit espot. I saw a gold light rise from his box of ashes. I said outloud what the hell! I called my husband and my sister and my sister-in-law and I asked Do you want to hear about my miracle. It affected me immediately. I knew immediately that there is much more to life than we think. I felt compelled to go the Barnes and Nobles the next day and purchase books. I ended up in the New Age section of Barnes and Nobles, which I had never done before. I bought about four or five books on after death contact with beloved pets. Some books had only one story, such as James Van Praaghs book Talking to Heaven. I bought Melvin Morse book and Raymond Moody books. I was compelled to visit web sites on the Internet, Guggenheims adc project web site, Jeff Longs NDE and after-death web site. I very proudly shared my story with anyone who would listen, wanting them to know their loved ones are okay and they will see them again some day.    ",,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Self-em,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1525,ME ,1096,61,,F,"Many people had been asked to send healing to aid my recovery. On this second night,following a total hysterectomy. I saw endless blue lights, in all sizes and shades, from pinpoint to large orbs, they came to me, mostly to area of operation. They followed medical staff in and out of the room, especially ones who seemed dedicated to their work. After injections, I saw a pinpoint of blue light at the site. This night I was in the most pain of my stay, despite maximum analgesics. Even so, I felt very peaceful and coped with the pain. The blue lights came to me all night, entering the room and coming towards me. My feeling was that I was actually seeing healing or the manifestation of healing as a real energy sent by thoughts of healing.    ",,UK    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,retired,,marri,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1526,ADC,1291,41,,F,"I sat up in bed and saw my father who was before me with his arms crossed on his chest. He didnt look old (he died at63) he didnt look young, is looked ageless..His skin had a very different glow that I cannot explain. It wasnt pink,it was a skin color Ive had never seen before. He seemed very peaceful and said to me  Dont worry about me, Ive never been happier and was gone. I felt this incredibly strong feeling that he was so calm, peaceful and fulfilled. Not his nature. I felt that he needed to comfort me and all these years later, I still see his face, and feel the comfort and peace. I think of that experience often when I pray because I know he came to me to assure me that he was with the Lord.Ive learned not to be afraid of death. My mother was a daily communicant but I never saw or dreamt of her. I was sure she would be with the Lord but not sure at all about my father.    ",,American,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Nationa,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1527,ME ,1089,36,,F,"At the time I felt that I met God and learned many things about the universe and my role in it (but I didnt hear anything, I just learned). I also felt conflicted/afraid because I thought that it was impossible to meet God and learn so many things, so I felt like I was losing my mind. However, I managed to keep my job, run my lab, and continue normal living through it without seeking medical attention, so in that sense I had not lost my mind. At the end of it, I had a much more concrete spirituality/belief system. I felt infused with certain knowledge. For example, I had never thought about a triune God, but I was infused with a belief in a triune God and an understanding of the concept (even though I cant put it into words). I felt infused with the concept of a Son of God (Jesus). I saw many levels of overlapping consciousness on earth. I understood my necessary place in the universe through specific visions of relatives/loved ones. I absolutely believed in a God that is love and ultimate reality, who has a hand in everything we do. I was called into contemplation. I had to spend many many hours in silence in Church and on walks. I had to listen to Pachelbels Connon many times. I felt I was learning the most important information available to human beings directly from God.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",post,Profess,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1528,ADC,1209,54,,F,"One night during my sleep, I had a short but very powerful dream. I could see my father walking on a treadmill and my mother, who is still alive, was there too. It seemed to be in their home, but all I could see was my father and mother. I looked at my mother and said, Is that dad? and she replied, yes it is. I walked over to him and he was dressed differently than normal. He had a funny looking sleeveless down jacket on. He was a man who liked to look nice and this jacket was just not him. He had this wonderful smile on his face and his being generated such great warmth. There were no words shared, but I could feel his love beyond measure for me. It was like our spirits were talking. The message was I love you and I must go now. That was the end of the dream.    ",,United St,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Revenue,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1529,NDE,1138,34,,F,"As I pondered my situation, I slowly became aware of overwhelming feelings of peace, love, acceptance, and certain knowledge of perfection and purpose. I felt great awe. It quickly became clear to me that the light was the ultimate intellect, love, and creative force. The psychological environment in which I now existed literally permeated around and through me. I knew that Light knew my every nuance, every thought, and every deed. Amazingly, it still loved me, even viewed me with a certain sense of delighted humor. In an odd way the Light was part of me. Yet it was also everything else. As I easily, and happily, settled into this new environment I realized that time and space were very different than what I was used to. I could follow multiple trains of thought and experience in what seemed to be a simultaneous manner. It was akin to how we use time in dreams in that numerous situations were playing out in \xe2\x80\x98no time\xe2\x80\x99. I was luxuriating in the perfection of the situation, while simultaneously making mental notes of my surroundings. At the same time, Light was addressing me thru telepathy and instilling within me what I later called scrolls of knowledge. These scrolls unraveled and revealed information about the true nature of reality. I think that the figurative scrolls were thought forms that existed within Light and Light was mentally pushing them onto my consciousness. I had no idea what they meant, as the ideas and knowledge contained within was light years more complex than I could grasp. I sensed the periphery and intent of the scrolls and knew that it would take eternity to sort it all out. Still, the bit I could sort out made it clear that in the physical dimension we are capable of experience far beyond what we ever imagined. Prior to the NDE I had experienced three enormously frightening out-of-bodies. Frightening because I \xe2\x80\x98caught myself\xe2\x80\x99 in the upper corner of the ceiling, watching myself sleep on each occasion. I did not know what was happening. I had never heard of an out-of-body experience. Now I knew, clearly, that the out-of-bodies were normal, and just the tip of the iceberg of what humans could and should experience. I received, thru telepathically transmitted images and thoughts, a glimpse of the fully developed multi-dimensional being. As I floated within Light, numerous paths of information were being delivered to me. I felt peaceful, and perfect. Suddenly I heard a deep male voice say, \xe2\x80\x9cDo you want to go back?\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cBack?\xe2\x80\x9d I thought, \xe2\x80\x9cback to where?\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cIf you want to go back, concentrate on that noise\xe2\x80\x9d, it said. My thought was NO; I do not want to go anywhere! The thought of leaving this new, yet strangely familiar, environment seemed a travesty. Still for some reason I turned my attention slightly to the left. Far away, as if thru a long train tunnel, I heard a faint noise. As I listened more intently, it got louder. I realized it was my beloved husband Ed. He was screaming my name. The next thing I knew, I was coming to consciousness in my bed. After returning to physicality I felt very lethargic and drifted off to sleep. The NDE remained clear in my mind. I didn\xe2\x80\x99t know what it was, having never heard of an NDE, but I knew it was real. The next day Ed phoned me at work and said he had scheduled an appointment with my doctor, and was coming over to take me to it. At the doctor\xe2\x80\x99s office he said I had been having some sort of seizure that did not involve convulsions. It was more like a dead person. He said my body had seized up like it was frozen and my eyes had rolled back in my head. He hadn\xe2\x80\x99t told me until now, as he did not want to scare me. I thought I had just lost consciousness.     ",,USA citiz,"251,00",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,Account,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1530,ME ,1269,59,,F,"(Repeat of #43) I was driving my car alone and running errands during the daytime. It was an ordinary, sunny July day during the week. I was driving past the Briarcliff Congregational Church in Briarcliff Manor, New York, a small, Westchester County suburban community, a one-hour drive north of Manhattan. I glanced over at the churchs directory sign to read it. It said You say theres distance between you and God. Who moved? I immediately stopped my car and held up traffic, stared at those words and thought for a few seconds about that question. I remember answering that question to myself: I moved. It was I who moved because God doesnt move. Hes all around us. I suddenly realized what I was saying and I said to myself: Why am I answering this question? I dont believe in God. Then I started to cry and I was shaking in my car. It was a soft cry and a mild shaking. But I was aware that I was being moved by something. I heard the car horns blaring behind me but ignored them. I knew I had to make an instant decision to stay with this feeling or cut it off, ignore it and continue on with my chores. Although I was a little frightened at the unknown feelings and event that were overtaking me, I decided to stay with my feelings. I pulled across the street into the empty parking lot of the little Briarcliff Public Library and parked in a quiet corner of the lot. I sat crying and shaking and let whatever it was overtake me. I was still a little frightened but I decided to trust the event. I suddenly looked down and saw that my chest was ethereally slowly opening up and a current of wavy air was entering my chest. This did not at all frighten me. I did not hear anything, touch anything or smell anything. (With me, all my visions, signs and visits by Holy Spirit were always visual. I guess since God made me a visual artist, It comes to me in a visual form.) God then played with me a game of spiritual connect the dots. It released from my memory spiritual experiences from my past that I had heretofore forgotten but remembered when they became fresh again in my memory. (Ill be registering each one in separate forms on your site.) I was sitting in my car for about one half hour and in that half hour I went from believing nothing to believing everything. I knew there really was a God. I knew that Jesus was the Son of God. I knew there really was a Holy Spirit. I knew the Bible was true. And I felt that God wanted me to be Christian, so I converted myself from Judaism to Christianity on the spot. No one came over to me while I sat in my car. I was infused with a tremendous new and exciting spiritual energy and couldnt wait to go home and tell Hank, my husband, all about it.    ",,I am a U.,"50,000",atheist,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,I am an,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1531,DEE,1264,70,,F,I did this previously in #8. What did I learn? I learned that I can be at peace with what is happening as I experience a myriad of physical changes in my body and the extreme loss of energy that I began experiencing one year ago. I learned that each moment is to be treasured and I can rest easy no matter what happens to my physical body.    ,,Citizen,1 2000,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,Ordaine,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
1532,OBE,1238,34,,F,"Thank you very much for creating a space for these stories. I am very excited to tell mine. I am an artist and at the time I was transitioning from sculpture to painting. This extraordinary experience happened about thirty years ago.   One afternoon, before leaving for work, I decided to do a short meditation. I sat down on a carpet in my living room and assumed a meditation position. Moments after I closed my eyes, a clear blue window-like space appeared on the left side of the horizon. My conscious self became molecular, like a blip, or a tigle and I moved at the speed of light through the space. I first saw the edge of a sea. Beautiful sand edged the pristine waters which were gently rolling on to the shore. The area was completely clear of any vegetation or trees. I then found myself in the air, looking down at circular homes which were in a row. They were reminiscent of yurts or hogans. Then quick as a flash, I was inside, looking at a woman\xe2\x80\x99s back. She was tall, dressed in a black robe with crystals around her head. Telepathically I knew that she was a Priestess, a Healer. The Priestess was standing before an altar of some kind. Next, a small room emanating magenta light came into view. The room was translucent; the walls, ceiling, and floor emanated this gorgeous magenta light. Another room stood beside it, emanating a beautiful clear green light. Instantly I understood that these were healing rooms and that this civilization used color for healing and balancing the body.   I found myself outside, watching women and children playing on a hill. It was a bright sunny day and the children were laughing and chatting. On the hilltop there was a white stone post and lintel with three square colors atop the lintel. The colors were tints of the primary colors of red, yellow and blue. Every now and then a boy would run under the post and lintel to stand for a few moments. Then he would zip out to play again. I understood that this structure helped boys balance their chakra energy; it helped their energy flow without hindrance. Only the boys needed it; it was not necessary for the girls to do this.   Lastly, I found myself looking at the back of an old woman who was sitting on a bench. She was contemplating an exterior mosaic or mural that covered a long low wall. I approached this very colorful abstract wall. Soft sounds emanated from it as the colors moved and fused into each other. I knew that my gross ears could not hear the extraordinary beauty of the music that was created by the fusing colors. The wall was alive, changing into different configurations of beauty, much like a kaleidoscope. The old woman had created this beautiful wall and it was she who was responsible for bringing the concept of color healing into this civilization.      I re-entered my body with a great jerk and my eyes opened. I got up from my spot on the floor and went to work in a daze. There is no way for me to put into words how life changing this event has been. Seeing this beautiful world allowed me to understand the power and healing properties of color and sound. I continue to make art that will bring beauty and healing forces into our world.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Buddhist,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,artist,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1533,NDA,1180,53,,F,"I began to feel a spinning sensation and heard a buzzing noise as I was beginning to either leave my body or lose consciousness. I cried out mentally to God God! Im not ready! I felt inadequate to face judgment and aware of so many personal failings. Immediately, absolutely immediately upon having prayed that short prayer, the buzzing and the spinning slowed down and when it stopped I was able to get up. I promptly vomited three or four times due to the nicotine poisoning.     ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Nursing,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1534,NDE,1281,38,,F,    ,,American,1 2000,agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Registe,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1535,ADC,1376,48,,F,"I walked into my house. I still had the door open and I felt a presence behind the door. It was a little unnerving (I had often in my childhood felt unseen presences which frightened me). However this time I stopped and stood still, listening. The information I received was on a knowing level that the presence I felt was my father. He stood very quiet, not intrusive. I felt supported, like he was saying I will be here to help you and Jeremy through. I was pretty distraught most of the time, but his presence was like an anchor. His being there told me there was life after life and where he was was where my son was going also. So that was comforting.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,graphic,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1536,ME ,1265,66,,M,"Ive described most of the experience above. But additionally, I felt that for a moment in time the world as I knew it, simply stopped. It seemed both immediate and eternal, at the same time. I didnt pay much attention to the potential consequences, at the time of the accident. It wasnt until I meditated on the experience that I felt the full potential of what had happened and what could have happened. I could have been killed. At the time, it was just a minor accident. But, it wasnt, really. I am very thankful to be able to tell this story. As I recount it, part of me takes the results for granted-(foolish human). It was Divine intervention, I have no doubt. I learned, again, not to take God and Guru for granted. I owe my life to the Divine in more ways than I can conceive. I am grateful, Graceful.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Marriag,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1537,OBE,1289,33,,F,"I was doing some computer work, and the next instant, I was standing in a barn. I could smell the hay and straw, and on my right side were stalls for horses, but there werent any horses in there. At the end of the barn was a Dutch door, with the top half open. To the immediate right of the door was a window. I remember looking at my feet, and I had boots on (nothing Id wear to work). I could also see the straw, and it was a bit dirty. Looking back at the end of the barn, flowing through the door and window was the warmest, loving white light. The light knew and loved me. The next instant I was back at my desk.    ",,Natural c,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Unaffilia,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Secreta,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1538,NDA,1423,12,,M,Very timeless. Floating and very pleasant. Not much life experience at that time because I was twelve. Saw a very bright light and floated toward the light through a very dark tunnel... Began later to descend and my body rotated so that I was laying with my back on the ceiling of the hospital room and was looking down at myself in the bed with my grandmother sitting there next to me.    ,,American,"100,00",religious,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,NA    Q,,single,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,youth
1539,OBE,1477,53,,M,"Lets take a trip......this is not any trip, this is my trip and it happened the night or second night home from the hospital. I began traveling through a darkness. It is BLACK! no stars, no planets, no lights, NOTHING! Void. A black hole I dont know what else to call it. Except in a very, very, very far distance is a very small gold and I mean GOLD light flickering like a candle or generator running off cycle or something. I began to get closer and closer. The GOLD light grew larger and larger and closer and closer. As I got close enough I could tell what looked like a snow globe or very lucent clear crystal ball and this GOLD light was inside this globe. As I got closer I could tell inside this globe were what looked like stars. Sort of looking into the sky from earth. But inside this globe these stars were very bright or a crystal or bright white. It is nothing I have ever seen before or can compare to it. There were no bright and dim stars, they were all the same. In this middle was this Golf glowing light. I did not go inside this and was kept at a distance hanging out in this blackness. On the way all I could feel is a state of AWE! no words, just a beyond any middle boggling experience anyone could have imagined. On this travel it was like your mind is wondering out there and focused on this GOLD light thinking what is going on?. Getting closer to this globe I noticed I began getting messages or bits of information or something that seem to be sending these messages to me. These messages begin telling me some things I need to work on. Which I did not understand at all. I am beginning to get a better understanding each day since. There were many messages or I guess even judgements that I received in which stated I did or just point out or something (still processing) but three Primary things I need to do before I am to enter or go to or inside this globe. There is way too much for me to put onto here. All I know is I was told to do this. One of my things is that I am to teach, speak, talk about Forgiveness. As this is one of my things I have to do and that is because this is the best way to learn it. This is all for now as I need to go rest. (try to sleep). I really cannot put into words what happened but it was very real to me. I was not on any drugs these nights and am not now either. I cant stand the pain drugs, although I know many wanting them. This was one week out of surgery when this travel happened. I had two profound experiences in the hospital which I am finding out stuff now and it is no words to describe.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Junio,Large d,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1540,ME ,1312,17,,M,"I found the mix of the music and the painting realy amazing. Suddenly, I had a flash : all the universe unfold before my eyes, and it seemed as if i understood clearly and deeply all the meaning of life and the purpose of everything. I saw galaxies floating in the whole universe, travelled through lights of incedible intelligence, received answers to a lot of unasked questions, as if i entered a huge multidimensional universe. This epiphany last less than 5 minutes, but i stood hang up for a few month after then. It is still very clear in my mind, and was the start of a quest that is still going on.    ",,?    Q.,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1541,NDA,1245,37,,F,"It was beautiful, calm and peaceful. I felt at peace with the death of a 21 year old woman my sense was that she was leaving earth only, but only to go elsewhere.     ",,US Citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,Executi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1542,ADC,1271,58,,F,"During the homily, the priest tells a story about an elderly couple who lived in Arlington Heights, Il. and were going to the race track. (My sister often took my mom with her to this very race track.) He goes on to say that the old man went into the bedroom, reached under the bed and took out a tin can, reached in and pulled out a $2 bill!! I felt elated! I was so excited I couldnt hardly contain myself. I immediately turned to my husband and quickly tried to tell him what had just happened. Following the Mass, I told everyone who would listen. I definitely approached the priest at the reception and told him that he was totally used that day and how he delivered the message to me.    ",,U.S. citi,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Paraleg,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1543,OBE,1007,5,,F,I just remember how pleasant it was. It was something I enjoyed doing.     ,,U.S.    Q,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,avera,none,"100,000+",docto,I was 5,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
1544,ADC,1159,42,,F,"This seems like the same as above. Again, I am doing this for my mom who is about to read Proof of Heaven and for that reason, this came up again--the Mayo experience. She heard nothing, she observed these relatives who were deceased looking very serene and healthy (my grandfather had been paralyzed from a stroke for almost 5 months before he died on his birthday) My aunt had died from an anyurism (sp). So my mom says, she saw them, they smiled and looked right at her but did not speak. She was frightened at first, but then felt very peaceful and reassured. She learned that they were there to comfort her.    ",,usa    Q.,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,she was,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1545,DEE,1224,45,,F,"i felt so comforted with the knowledge of a better transition for my mom at that time. the book guided my decisions and was like a big hug for me and her. i reread the book twice before the weekend was over and get more comforted each time. why now and why this time, i felt like my mom guided me to buy this book because i had not known she was sick and was about the die.    ",,american,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",colle,housing,,single,single,Yes,very little,All pleasant,adult
1546,ADC,1246,60,,F,"Details are above, but I learned that my gut was right...there is a much larger picture and we just dont know about it...my favorite saying is that we just dont know it all....and wont until will die.    ",,United St,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,moder,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Real Es,,marri,widow,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1547,NDE,1276,45,,M,"My first memories was a sense of unnatural sounds like the building itself was breathing or living somehow. I saw through the walls to a room that I knew was on another dimension or in a spiritual plane. In this room, men sat and leaned against the walls while they waited. I knew somehow that they were waiting to escort the dead to another place. I knew that I was close to death in this moment and that was the reason I could see them. I was not afraid. I just knew it.  My next memory was of a village setting that looked medieval or European. The streets were cobble stone and the buildings were stone as well. People walked in groups down the road. I think a better description would be that they wondered aimlessly. They looked straight ahead, slightly downward and seemed to be without hope. I had an overwhelming feeling of gloom in this place and I felt as though they were being punished or detained in some way.  The thing that was MOST striking about these visions was there absolute vividness. It was as though I was seeing them with the most high definition TV ever seen. I could not explain how powerful this sense of visual clarity was. It was as though it were more real than real life. Even though these people seemed as though they were not supposed to look at me, occasionally one would lock eyes with me for just a moment. They had such despair in their eyes that it saddened me to make eye contact.  Later I was in this same place in a large arena, though that is not really the right word. It was a place in a large building that had a circular path that came in one door and passed in front of what seemed to be stadium type seating.  I had a feeling that people were paraded through this place in the lines I had seen them walking in on the streets to possibly be judged or reviewed in some way. Again, the architecture was like nothing I have seen here in the states. It seemed very old and mostly made from stone.  My next and final memory was my defining moment where I was like a speck dust floating in a space that felt like a large room. I was exactly like those particles of dust that you see floating randomly in the open space of a room as the sunlight passes through a window. I was free, floating on an invisible river of air through this space, around a tree or plant, feeling sheer joy and amazement. I had no identity in these moments. I had no memory of anything personal or earthly. I only knew that I was truly at peace. I was one with the universe, completely accepted, and loved. I felt such joy in those brief moments that it makes my heart race even now as I recall it. As I passed through this space, I saw a very obvious ray of what I thought was sunshine coming downward from the right from no obvious window or light source. I didnt question anything, but I remember a sense of really hoping that I would drift through this light. As I did enter the light, I felt happiness like I have never known. I felt as though anything I had known before this moment was infantile and insignificant. I knew this was the presence of God, though I did not see a face. I dont even know that I had the ability to look at the source of the light. I just basked in its glory.  I saw flashes or arcs of light zipping above me. They looked like just that really, but I felt like they were something bigger than me, something more than I could even try to understand. Later, I remembered seeing a phenomenon called flying rods that I have seen myself in videos that I have where these things that are not visible to the naked eye show up on high speed video and they appear to swim through the sky with multiple wings on a straight translucent body.  I wonder if these could be what I saw in this place. As far as I know this phenomenon is not explained scientifically yet, but you can find hundreds or thousands of video accounts on youtube by searching for flying rods. I may be nothing, but then again...  I had a number of very substantial things that became known to me in this place. For one, the reason that everyone describes these visions as being so vivid is that we are not looking at them with our failing human eyes. We are seeing them in a supernatural state of being where our tired old eyeballs could not even begin to compare. Also, I became acutely aware that I am a being inside of a being. I felt that I am a spirit aside from the conscious brain thought, which I always thought was ME. Suddenly, I had all of these memories of things like driving on long trips when I am complete zoned out in deep thought, yet somehow my body is driving the car, slowing and speeding up in traffic, using turn signals, and yet I arrive 30 miles later not remembering the drive. It occurred to me that there is a watcher within us that is the true us who is ready to take the wheel at any moment if we zone out, so to s",,US Citize,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Compute,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1548,OBE,1236,41,,F,"It took a second to collect my thoughts as I had never spontaneously gone out-of-body while awake unless I had been consciously trying to. Once alert, I noticed an older truck in my direct view. It was an odd, faded color of purple. As the color caught my attention, the truck hummed to life. A man had started the motor and was backing up.  Behind the truck, sitting in the driveway playing, was a small child aged 2-3. Horrified, I watched as the truck backed over the little child. Intuitively I knew it was the boys father who had unknowingly run over, and killed the child.  Immediately the infant boys essense popped out of his body. There was a translucent quality to it, but for me it was more of a strong sensing of his presence. He was bewildered, and unsure of what to do. Disoriented.  Having had an NDE some seven years prior, I knew that I was there to lead this little one to the Light. I mentally asked him if I could help, and he agrred. Following my lead, we drifted toward a pinpoint of Light in the far distance. He calmed significantly and headed on toward the Light. I melded back into my body and became physically alert again.    ",,Citizen,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Financi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1549,NDA,1386,17,,F,"One night, I had a dream. I remember being outside of my grandfather house. Outside of the house was my grandfather. He approached me, and we were happy to see each other. I knew it had been a while since I saw him. And, I also knew that she was currently sick and afraid of him leaving me [to the afterlife]. My grandfather took my hand, and we walked into his house. The view inside the house, during the dream, was identical to his real house. What I found unusual was that all the lights were out except the one straight ahead- his room.  As we proceeded to walk towards his room, he was telling me that things were going to be fine. That, at first, things were going to feel like they are spinning out of control. As if I was standing with my arms out, spinning in circles, losing my balance- THAT type of loss of control. Although I found comfort in his words, I didnt know what he actually meant, until after his death.  When we approached the bedroom door, I could not believe my eyes. In front of me, was a hospital bed and my grandfather was in it! My grandfather was in his bed, facing my direction; he was asleep. Behind him, sitting, was his 2nd wife, his daughter, Lucy, and his son, Danny. To my left [and my grandfathers], sitting on a chair, was my mother. All of them were looking straight at my grandfather. I could not believe that I was in the presence of two grandfathers- and the same one!!  Seeing my grandfather in the hospital bed created a magnetic pull. I could not remove my eyes from him. I had never seen him in such a state. He was always alert, active, and immediately greeting me. This was the first time that I ever saw him so disconnected from everyone else, especially in their presence.  Seeing that there was an empty chair right next to his bed, I immediately sat on it. I felt I was trying to be close to him as I possibly could. This was the man I had loved all my life. He was my father, my comfort, and my strength. I admired this man profusely. And, knowing that I had denied seeing him for so many months, he needed to know I was finally there.  I apologized to him for not being there for when he needed me the most. I told him I was scared of losing him and I was scared that he would pass away once he already saw me. (He had seen every family member, but me. Due to how our relationship was, my withdrawal had shocked everyone. I thought you loved your grandfather, why arent you seeing him? You know that he is dying. Go see him.) Once I finished venting to my grandfather, asking him for forgiveness, his eyes opened. He looked at me. I returned the look. And he closed them again. Right then I knew that I was right. He WAS waiting for me. He wasnt leaving yet because we hadnt said goodbye. And I was the last person that he needed to see. But, I knew that I wasnt ready to let him go. Feeling overwhelmed, I reached out to him. I went for his hand and I grabbed it. It was my first touch with him in months. And once I held his hand, I heard his last breath. I was then informed he died. Everyone around was crying, including myself. With the pain of a broken heart, and having everything feel so real, I immediately woke up from my dream. I woke up sweating and bursting into tears. I could not stop crying. I had felt as if my grandfather had truly passed away.  My mother, who was sleeping next to me at the time (she didnt want to be alone during this moment in her life- being a daddys girl) woke up with fright. She didnt know what happened to me. I relived the dream by telling her every single detail. She reached out to a relative who informed her that my grandfather was still alive. - Exactly one week later, still fearful of my dream, and still avoiding seeing my dying grandfather, my mom informed me that she had just seen my grandfather. She informed me that now it was just a matter of hours or minutes. Without thinking, I immediately got ready. It was probably 10:00-11:00 at night. On my way over there, those fears werent present. But once I walked up to my grandfathers door- all my fears came flooding back. I did not know what to expect. Was my dream just a dream? Or, would it become a reality?? As my mother and I walked in through the door. My heart slumped to the bottom of my stomach. Just like my dream- the house was dark except for the back room- my grandfathers room. I began to experience anxiety. I was praying my steps towards the room would be nothing like my dream. I had so much hope in those few seconds which felt like an hour. When I walked into the bedroom, there he was: my grandfather laying on a bed, facing my direction. Behind him, my 2nd wife, my aunt Lucy, and my uncle Danny. My mother took a seat to my left. And I, I was offered the empty seat next to him. The seat from my dreams!  I had so many thoughts come up. I could not believe that I was r",,US Citize,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,High Sc,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1550,ADC,1191,35,,F,"I didnt observe anything. It was entirely spiritual. I felt a strong feeling of reassurance and love. I felt freed from fear of death, and fear of life.    ",,Citizen,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",some,Housewi,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1551,NDA,1208,53,,M," While semi-conscious, I was transported to a barren planet where I received a review of my life andwas sure that I would have to spend eternity alone.I was sure I was in Hell. I recived guidance to Return to the church of your youth and atone for your sins I was scared out of my wits.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Colonel,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
1552,ADC,1539,20,,F,"I awoke to find the car slowing on an exit ramp. The car stopped gently just in front of my grandfather, who stood with his hand out to stop it. Although I never met my grandfather he died before I was born I immediately recognized him. I smelled a distinctive smell very clean with a slight tang of either a spicy aftershave or pipe tobacco, like the really nice scent you may experience passing a fine tobacconists shop. My mother later told me that is what my grandfather smelled like. He stopped the car my feet were not on any pedals, nor was I still steering. He looked me in the eye and I heard a clear voice but inside my head, not through my ears telling me to pull into the parking lot and take a nap. He told me not to think about setting an alarm and that I would wake up when I was sufficiently rested to drive again. He also said to eat a decent breakfast before leaving, and told me exactly where to park just outside the diner in what he called a safe spot. He said he would get us home safely but that I was never to attempt to drive straight through again.    ",,Native bo,"100,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,College,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1553,OBE,1249,18,,F,"I went in a long ways, trying to escape, and finally came out into a two dimensional dark place (blue-black) where small spherical (marble sized) beings of light moved about. I too was able to move and went in search of God. One of the lights came up to me and stopped me. It said, You are not expected yet. I seemed to hear those exact words and had a number of emotional impressions from it: disapproval, contempt, irritation. I gathered that my whole conception of God was all wrong, as was my unorthodox entry, and that I must return to where I had come from. I went back in and seemed to come into a switchboard kind of part of my brain where I tried to plug in during the course of a grand mal episode.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1554,ADC,1529,65,,F,See above. The feeling afterwards was one of contentment and knowledge that he will always be with me.    ,,Citizen,"50,000",atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Homemak,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1555,DEE,1542,65,,M,"My STE is a Divine Entity Encounter, at least I think that is the closest description of it. I have reported this in my book; Jesus Who. I suspect it was the Spirit of God, but it could have been an angle.  Personal Story; A love tap of Understanding For several years, I could not accept that all the people in a couple of Old Testament cities were killed by Joshua\xe2\x80\x99s army. Joshua 11:11-12 What about the infants and young children? Why should they die a terrible death for the sins of their parents? I was thrown a curve by this story. How could God do such a terrible thing? This was not merciful. This was a big problem for me and remained so for years. These young children could have been taken into homes of decent people and they would have no knowledge of their biological parents or their old lifestyles. Then one day I was praying about this and I got something like a gentle slap on the head, an interruption of my consciousness from outside myself, likely from the Spirit of God; I clearly heard. \xe2\x80\x9cThe souls of the innocents were taken a moment before they died.\xe2\x80\x9d So when the sword hit, the children were in a persistent vegetative state in that God had already taken their souls to safety. What a relief! I was elated. Then about five seconds later, I thought; Hey, wait a minute. Did God really tell me that, or did I just make it up to ease my own distress? Straight away I got a second interruption and I clearly heard that voice again; \xe2\x80\x9cIf you did make it up, how much wiser and more merciful is your Father in Heaven.\xe2\x80\x9d Wow! It was definitely not my voice or my words. The old fashioned style is not the way I use words or language! Plus the fact that it came as an interruption to my thoughts (hey, pay attention). I am convinced that it was Divinely given personal information to help me get over this stumbling block. Most wonderful of all, notice that the communication was loving, not angry. I had just assumed, that God would be angry with me for being dumb, weak and sinful, because I was often angry with myself for those reasons. The improbable lovingness and civility of this communication kept me in a state of astonishment for several years and still causes breathlessness when I recall it to mind. How could the all powerful God love such a dumb, weak and sinful little man? Is that an improbable enough God for you? It sure is for me and I do have faith in Him. He\xe2\x80\x99s got you, He\xe2\x80\x99s got you and He\xe2\x80\x99s got your back. Don\xe2\x80\x99t worry about anything because all this earthly stuff, everything here, is ridiculously trivial to Him. I thank God for showing Himself to me as a loving father and I do feel very blessed for it. God is love and I suspect that humans have been programmed by God to love our children so that we, in our human pettiness, would have at least some experience of what love is. \xe2\x80\x9cAnyone who loves God must also love their brother and sister\xe2\x80\x9d. 1 John 4:21 So we are supposed to love one another, that means love everyone always. So just know that you too may reasonably expect that the one and only God will communicate with you about your Christian concerns and that it will come out of the clear blue sky and be a loving personal answer. He is the same loving God for all of us, even those people we don\xe2\x80\x99t care for. As improbable as it is, God loves us all. You will come to be as fond of your new Christian memories as you are of your actual childhood memories, because there is a mighty and loving Father helping you through a difficult and confusing adolescents. If you missed out on that from your biological father, you will find your Heavenly Father especially wonderful and loving. Really. God never said that the Bible is all there is to know. It is implied that the Bible is the minimum you should know and there may be certain things that He will communicate to help you personally if you ask Him. Waiting for God to answer is fairly short term, it is not the classic; Waiting For Godoe. God is for real.     ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1556,ADC,1257,37,,F,"I felt sure and confident that it really was Christian talking to me in my thoughts. I was also a little intimidated by his expectation of me. I had never felt a strong compulsion to do something someone asked me to do. I felt at peace when it was over, but I also felt the weight of what I was asked to do.    ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1557,DEE,1147,35,,F,"After an abortion in 1971, I experienced great remorse. Following a series of God-sent visions, I entered a Bible study program in the Catholic Church that led me to Eucharistic Adoration. During my first Eucharistic adoration, the love of God, emanating from the Eucharist, surged like a wave through my being. I was immediately released from remorse.  A few months later, an acquaintance who works for the Catholic Church asked me to create a self-published prayer book of remembrance for parents who are grieving the death of a child from miscarriage or abortion.  In 2003, Book of the Innocents was the first publication authored by lay people to be published by the Catholic Church\xe2\x80\x99s official publishing company, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. Parents can enter the name of their \xe2\x80\x9clost\xe2\x80\x9d child in the book.    ",,citizen,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1558,DEE,1183,4,,F,"It was night and I was in bed. I dont recall this part well, but somehow I became aware that my father was not at home. (I was somewhere between 3-5 years old) My father had gone to visit a neighbor two doors down (old Mr Safran) I was a timid child and for some reason I was utterly scared of this neighbor, even though there was no reason to be. He actually was a kindly old gentleman who even remembered the neighborhood children in his will but for whatever reason I was very frightened of him. When I awoke and realized it was (to me at least) late at night and my father was not yet home, I was terrified that Mr Safran had hurt him or killed him. (Again, no reason why I would think this) I was laying in my bed and I was terrified. I dont remember if I was crying, but if I was, it wasnt loud enough for my mother to hear. I was (and still am) the type of person that does not cry out for help. I dont know if I was praying for my father to be ok as I dont remember if I was old enough to have been taught about free-form prayers. Anyway, I felt a warm, comforting, loving presence that assured me everything would be OK. (And of course it was, as my father had never been in any danger whatsoever other than in my mind) It was like being wrapped up in a warm soft blanket of love and happiness. It was so long ago and I was so young that I dont remember anything beyond that but I have never forgotten it either. I did not see or hear anything, it was completely a feeling of love and reassurance.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,none ch,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1559,ME ,1195,60,,F,"It was an experience that lasted, perhaps 4 or 5 seconds, that parallels Dr. Alexanders description of his experience in his coma. I was in what I believe was the thin space between awakening and perhaps dreaming (or perhaps oxygen deprivation through Apnea or astral travel?) when I became conscious of the feeling of experiencing everything in the Universe all at once. (My best description of the event.) It was delightful and happy and amazing and as I became conscious, I tried to go back to sleep so that I could enjoy more of this. However, I knew without a doubt, that it was not a dream, that it was nothing I had ever experienced before, that it was unexplainable, and I was in the middle of it.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Busines,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1560,DEE,1351,51,,M,See description above. The woman was like a stream of light in bright colour. I observed her very closely and can remember her vividly. I heard nothing. I felt terrified. What I learned was there is a state of consciousness between the waking state and the sleep state (dream state to me is sleep state). It was much more real than a dream. In fact it seemed completely real.    ,,New Zeala,"251,00",atheist,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Real Es,,divor,single,Unc,very little,All distressing,adult
1561,DEE,1189,59,,F,I felt safe and love. Heard nothing just time stood still. I had never seen the girl in my life and didnt know anyone in the area. It has been 5 1/2 years and God is good.    ,,American,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Employe,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1562,ADC,1348,49,,F,"I was lying face down on the massage table when a soccer game began to unfold in front of me. I thought \xe2\x80\x9cthat\xe2\x80\x99s nice\xe2\x80\x9d. The game then came closer \xe2\x80\x9cinto my line of vision\xe2\x80\x9d (even though my eyes were closed). It was vivid, techno-color and I remember thinking it was so real. The kids that were playing were cute and happy, smiling, and intent on their game. One child seemed to really grab my attention, he was blond and handsome and so well formed, and I remember thinking \xe2\x80\x9cthat\xe2\x80\x99s what Nick would look like if he were alive\xe2\x80\x9d.  They were having so much fun with this game. The next thing I knew, the kid that looked like my son kicked the ball and I thought, that\xe2\x80\x99s a goal for sure; then the ball swerved and came towards me at Mach speed and slammed me in the face. The next instant, it was snatched back by Nick (by son) and he stood there radiantly smiling for a few seconds and he said \xe2\x80\x9cThat one was for you, mom \xe2\x80\x93 just to let you know, I\xe2\x80\x99m OK\xe2\x80\x9d. He waved good bye as he ran back onto the field and began playing with his friends.  I jumped so high on the massage table, that the masseur who was massaging my upper back and neck at the time, actually jumped back a few feet and said \xe2\x80\x9cWow, what just happened?\xe2\x80\x9d  The child I saw was my child, he would have been the age my son would have been if he were alive, about 7 or 8 years old. When I thought back on this, I thought it was a little mean to slam me in the face with a soccer ball, but then I chuckled because I knew that was what was needed to get through my layers of grief. I knew he was telling me that he was fine and that I should \xe2\x80\x9cget on with my own life\xe2\x80\x9d.     ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",some,Broker-,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1563,ME ,1242,40,,M,see #8 above. It is easier to verbally describe than to type you a message.    ,,citizen U,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,    Q.,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1564,DEE,1205,45,,F,"Well it has been a few years, but here is what happened. I was at Mass. We attend weekly. This week, for some reason, my eyes kept being drawn towards the rafters above the altar. I kept feeling a presence, actually two, playfully going from rafter to rafter. Ive felt presences before, never at church. Whenever I do, I usually just ignore, or if it is strong enough, tell it to call on the name of Christ. So the feeling kept getting stronger and stronger, I finally stated silently for the things to play quieter so I could concentrate on the Mass. They didnt leave though. And we lined up for the Holy Eucharist, and I received the Body of Christ from Rita, a long time parishoner and dedicated Eucharistic minister. As soon as she gave the Host to me, I didnt even get to walk to my seat when I heard a loud CRASH! The silver bowl witht the Host was dropped because Rita collapsed and died on the spot. As soon as that happened, I slowly felt the presences leave. Come to find out about a week later at Ritas funeral, that she used to be a nun, she was in love with the Eucharist, and her life-long wish was to die IN THE CHURCH, GIVING OUT THE EUCHARIST. Those angels in the rafters (or whatever celestial beings they were) were there for Rita. I only observed, or felt their presence. This isnt the first time Ive felt unearthly presences, but most definitely the strongest. You can check on Ritas death if you want to confirm this, just let me know and I will give you the name of the parish and the presiding priest. Please keep me nameless, for now. Thank you.     ",,US citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,avera,"100,000+",Some,Office,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1565,DEE,1260,32,,F,"Other than the above information, I felt very comforted.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales f,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1566,ADC,1232,24,,F," When I went to sleep, I found myself on summer porch at my grandparents house. The entire family was there (including my Grandpa and my Uncle Gary) and we were eating like we used to do on 4th of July weekends when I was very young. I was sitting next to my Grandpa and told him that we were going to miss him very much. He looked at me, smiled, and said that he was very proud of each of his children and that he wished hed told them. I told him Id pass on the message (and I did during his eulogy).    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1567,ADC,1544,59,,F,see above    ,,US    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",docto,Technic,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1568,NDE,1487,30,,M,    ,,  Colombi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,  fine,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1569,NDA,1178,16,,F,"I saw the stars in the universe flash past me as I was speeding away leaving the earth, to hear a voice telling me It was not my time, I have important things to do. I still wonder if I need to do more to complete the important things somehow.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,avera,"25,000 49",some,High sc,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1570,ME ,1330,20,,F,"I felt a large, strong beam of love enter my head from above. It traveled down to my chest and then flowed out of my body, touching and loving all people I came in contact with, including myself. It was palpable, like it had a physical quality to it and was completely unconditional and in a way impersonal. Love for me, for others. Love through me. Divine love for all. At the same time I heard a voice in my head explaining things to me. ( I had been very confused and unhappy in my life before traveling). It was saying things like: this happened because of this, this you learned here, this builds on that and on and on and on. I saw my life, which had been a string of failures, in a clear straight line, one experience building upon another. I had a vision of standing on a mountain and having 360degree vision, understanding not just my life, but everything. Everything made sense, everything was clear and simple. I knew I would not stay there, but it was ok. I also had a feeling of something trying to jump out of my chest, like my spirit body being sucked at from the outside. I thought if this experience comes on one drop stronger, my soul is going to escape my body and thats the end. But it didnt.All the time I had a feeling of complete euphoria. It was a very high energy state and I could hardly sleep during the 7 days and nights that it lasted.    ",,British s,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,Recepti,,single,separ,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1571,ADC,1471,46,,F,"I cant find the right words for it, because I dont have the vocabulary knowledge to do so, but I try. My senses expanded. I could feel and see the spirituell part of us, and making the decision before it actually hit the human brain. It feels like someone is standing behind you and does everything for you and you are just the puppett. That means, I noticed in a conversation with my friends, we where sitting at a table, and we were debating on something, which actually did not make sense, but in that moment I have seen the spirit part of my friends saying lets go, and in that instant my friends got up and left. Than there was a situation I wanted to trade my car. So I went to the cardealer and talked to him, there was no reason that I would not have been able to trade in my car. I had money and good credit. But I heard the spirituell conversation again, and there was a headshaking no on my side and the cardealer said ok, I am not able to trade in your car. I wanted to by a cheap place, and there it was again, the no from both places. Everything I my ego wanted to do, I felt like I move against a wall. Everything I my ego thought would be good for me, moved through my fingers. I was actually out of control, even though I knew what I was doing. It did maked absolutely no sense to me than, now I do. I would share many many things. But I think I would have to talk or write to you more about it.    ",,US citize,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,none,"0 24,999",High,Clinica,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1572,NDE,1237,35,,M,see #43    ,,US    Q.,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,social,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1573,ADC,1012,72,,F,see above    ,,citizen o,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High sc,Legal S,,married,widowed,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1574,DEE,1525,23,,F,"Above my bed, I saw three balls/orbs of white light which did not cast light on the rest of the room. I sat up straight in bed and started slapping my face to make sure I was awake. The orbs kept dancing around each other for probably a minute. I did not know what to do so I just watched. I was even more surprised when they started dancing toward the ceiling and then just went through it as if there was no barrier there at all. The balls appeared substantial themselves, so I was quite baffled when they didnt even slow down as they danced through the ceiling.    ",,US    Q.,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,avera,littl,"100,000+",post,Medical,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1575,DEE,1152,24,,F,In seeing the color I remember not being able to look away from it because it wasnt anything I had ever seen before and I remember it being so beautiful and bright. It wasnt a shade or combination of any colors that we know of here on earth. It was something I cant describe and I dont even remember what it looks like now I just know that i saw it. In being shown what happens after death I remember some sort of being that was present and showing me and that it didnt seem to have a gender. I was to understand that I would not remember anything upon waking and I understood this as I was aware that I was dreaming in the dream as I was when shown the non existent color. What I was shown gave me the most intense feeling of love and made everything I knew that was stressful and upsetting seem so insignificant. I was left with the clarity that there is so much that we as humans are not to understand or know yet. The feeling was so intense that when I woke up I had tears streaming down my face and a tear soaked pillow. I felt warm and fuzzy and completely at ease.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,moder,very st,"25,000 49",some,Nurses,,single,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1576,DEE,1213,69,,M,See item 25    ,,US citize,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,I am re,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1577,ADC,1296,60,,F,"I listened to Bruce Moens Afterlife Retrieval CD. I opened myself to help any spirit who may need me. As I listened to the CD, It took me to a tree house, then a door. I went through the door into blackness. Then I saw Donna. I said, Oh Donna, youre here. She presented herself to me as I remembered her (with her glasses on) and was grinning. Then I saw Her Jesus. She turned away from me and ran into his arms and through herself up, warping her legs around his waist like a little child would. He hugged her warmly. Then she turned her head toward me, grinning, then gave me a thumbs up. End of vision.    ",,Citizen U,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Junio,Medical,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1578,ME ,1355,64,,F,"there was an orange and red and very bright light surrounding me and sort of inside me. I felt extremely powerful intense love and acceptance, so intense it hurt. I started to cry and couldnt stop.    ",,us    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,retired,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1579,ME ,1437,49,,F,"On meeting one of their friends I became aware of a feeling of joy, exhilaration, expansion and enthusiasm of which I had never felt before. We then met at the dinner table in which he sat opposite me. I was aware of an attraction but also of a repulsion for him. I spent the time avoiding eye contact with him but then a magnetic pull of my eyes drew them up to look at him directly. Time then stood still! I felt like I had arrived home. A spontaneous smile appeared on my face and we looked into each other for what seemed like forever. I then looked away. Next morning I avoided him as I felt he was really dangerous.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Compute,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1580,DEE,1393,16,,F,"It was pure feeling, I didnt hear or see anything this feeling wrapped right around me like I was beng held, it vibrated through my whole body from feet to head and I felt it with every single cell of my body, then the words filled my core, like I was a stick of rock, they seemed to come vertically through me I could see them and feel them you are special it felt like if you cut me open you would see those words etched onto my insides, the words were huge and I could feel them, I could feel their meaning so powerfully, words fall short of describing it.    ",,Britush,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Child a,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1581,NDE,1266,41,,F,    ,,I am a US,1 mill,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",post,Teacher,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1582,NDE,1088,40,,F,"I was out of body, going up...I was in a pretty place like in the sky, in clouds...I was moving toward a bus in the sky and I was supposed to get on it. I believe there was soothing music I was heading toward the bus I was conscious of myself...and I wanted to go...I was losing knowledge of my life here on earth...I was almost to the bus and I wanted to go with it. Then I heard my name being called far far away...and I had to make a decision to go to the bus or go home or back down...then I knew it was not my time for the bus. Next then I know I could hear louder and louder and I was smelling smelling salt. I was awake and scared.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Technic,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1583,DEE,1182,4,,F,"It was night and I was in bed. I dont recall this part well, but somehow I became aware that my father was not at home. (I was somewhere between 3-5 years old) My father had gone to visit a neighbor two doors down (old Mr Safran) I was a timid child and for some reason I was utterly scared of this neighbor, even though there was no reason to be. He actually was a kindly old gentleman who even remembered the neighborhood children in his will but for whatever reason I was very frightened of him. When I awoke and realized it was (to me at least) late at night and my father was not yet home, I was terrified that Mr Safran had hurt him or killed him. (Again, no reason why I would think this) I was laying in my bed and I was terrified. I dont remember if I was crying, but if I was, it wasnt loud enough for my mother to hear. I was (and still am) the type of person that does not cry out for help. I dont know if I was praying for my father to be ok as I dont remember if I was old enough to have been taught about free-form prayers. Anyway, I felt a warm, comforting, loving presence that assured me everything would be OK. (And of course it was, as my father had never been in any danger whatsoever other than in my mind) It was like being wrapped up in a warm soft blanket of love and happiness. It was so long ago and I was so young that I dont remember anything beyond that but I have never forgotten it either. I did not see or hear anything, it was completely a feeling of love and reassurance.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,none ch,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1584,ADC,1071,18,,F,My grandmother was wearing a light blue chiffon looking gown similar to the one I remember her being buried in. She radiated light from within and around her. She was holding my baby niece in her arms and said to me that Jessie would be with her and that everything would be ok. The dream was very short and I do not recall any other details if there were any.    ,,Natural c,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,I was j,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1585,ME ,1288,40,,F,"Same as above. Also, I saw it as a sign from the Beloved, a message of love and warmth and a reaching out to me in a time of loneliness and sadness. A sign to give me hope and to help me carry on in this journey of life.    ",,Citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Disable,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1586,SDE,1563,44,,M,"I had this very vivid dream about my friend who was lying down in a hospital bed. In real life i had visit him the day prior and was lying unconscious in his hospital bed, under heavy sedation and palliative care. In my dream i was visiting him again but he woke up, and stared directly at me, not a word was exchanged but i had the strong feeling he was saying goodbye. I woke up then.    ",,canadian,2001 2,atheist,agnostic,Christian,Other,,,never,never,undec,none,"0 24,999",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1587,DEE,1351,51,,M,See description above. The woman was like a stream of light in bright colour. I observed her very closely and can remember her vividly. I heard nothing. I felt terrified. What I learned was there is a state of consciousness between the waking state and the sleep state (dream state to me is sleep state). It was much more real than a dream. In fact it seemed completely real.    ,,New Zeala,"251,00",atheist,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Real Es,,divor,single,Unc,very little,All distressing,adult
1588,DEE,1168,8,,F,"She told me some scary things were about to come but wouldnt say what. Just that it may seem dark but there is love in the darkness. I must know I am safe and I am loved. It was like a lullaby, there is nothing to fear, you are in our arms. We are watching over you always.    ",,Citizen,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Childho,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1589,ME ,1516,69,,F,"An overwhelming feeling of love descended on me. I cannot adequately describe the feeling. the feeling was all encompassing and enveloped every cell in my body. i had never experienced that kind of love and have not experienced it since. If I could I would live in it. I knew who was sending me that love, it was a parrot that i had as a pet. i sold him to a lady who gave him a great life.   Around that same time the sister that died in 2008 sent me the same kind of love. In both of these cases I did not know that they had died.    ",,Citizen o,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Registe,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1590,NDE,1065,42,,M,"From an account I wrote for my family and friends in 2001. The big event happened one night while we were visiting the Oregon Coast. We had not planned to spend the night- but did at the last minute. The only available motel was an older place with horrible soft, old mattresses. From what I can figure out- halfway through the night, while kind of curled up against the wall, I slipped off the mattress, and got wedged between the wall and the mattress. I then had an apnea attack- and the inability to move, or breath, sent me into some state of cardiac failure. This is all conjecture, and only supported by the mild abnormality in my EKG over the past years since. Whether I coded or not, is really not at the heart of the issue or my experience. There are tons of debates regarding what really happens when you die by both medical and theological theorists worldwide. I can only relate what I experienced.  I admit that even as I write, it sounds like science fiction- but I can assure you that it happened- and I believe it to be real in every sense.  Without trying to be overly dramatic, the next events were what I have found to be in subsequent studies, a classic Near Death Experience. I did not see myself in bed (many report floating over their bodies), as the room was too dark- but I was blasted through an amazing tunnel (plasma? lights? not sure) of brightness that brought me ever closer to an unbelievable bright light. In what seemed like minutes (regular time does not seem to apply)- I arrived in a place that was so overwhelmingly bright and swimming with fluid colors of the entire spectrum, that I did not at first realize that I was without my physical body. While I could see- or at least had a sense of the vision that I was seeing- I could not see my hands. It was about this time that my experience was significantly different than others I have read about.  I realized what was happening, and I was not happy about it. Almost immediately, I started screaming, in a voice that I could hear in my head- but could not physically perceive- No f***ing way! (except there are no asterisks in heaven) NO! I am not finished yet! I still have young children- I have not seen my life through yet! NO Damn It! I continued with a stream of verbal abuse of anyone that was listening\xe2\x80\xa6in very profane language, until I heard another voice say, OK\xe2\x80\xa6relax\xe2\x80\xa6its not your time.  I knew at that moment, two very clear truths to be real. First, I was not going to die yet (or stay dead if I was). Second, there was a God and an afterlife beyond our life on earth. Then things got strange, interesting and terrifying.  Unlike other NDE experiences I have read about, I did not see anyone, or feel the presence of Jesus, or Buddha, or Allah. Nor did I see a physical presence of any of my relatives that had passed before me- although I had a feeling that they were there with me.  What I did see was a much brighter place, perhaps 30-50- feet away (I had no real clear understanding of depth or ratio) that seemed almost to pull at my heart (if I had a heart) to come closer. I was awash with a complete feeling of peace, calm and contentment whenever I looked in the direction of this portal. And yet I knew, that moving into the portal would certainly mean that I would not be able to return to my life on earth.  Without speaking, and yet speaking and understanding what was spoken to me, a conversation ensued that changed my life.  You are troubled\xe2\x80\xa6 the voice said. Your need to know the truth about your life, is holding you back from living your life to the fullest.I agreed without speaking.  You must understand the gift to be able to enjoy and treasure the gift that you have been given, the voice said. At this time, while the voice was neither clearly male or female (I realize that does not make a lot of sense), I knew that the communication was coming from all that is\xe2\x80\xa6all that was\xe2\x80\xa6all that ever shall be. The voice was that of what I understood to be God. And yet- even then- while thinking this, it was evident that the entity knew what I was thinking- and chastised me for doubting, or trying to figure out its very existence.  In order to understand that which you feel you must understand to be happy, you must first know what you need to change in your life on earth, the voice said.  In an instant, I was seeing my life in review- first all of the wonderful feelings that had brought joy into my life. I saw all of the incredible events of my life when love, the most powerful positive force in existence, was most present in my life. Childhood memories, my first real loves, the births of my children, the first time I knew I loved my wife more than I loved myself- anything and everything associated with love in my life- flying past my eyes and filling my ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,littl,"100,000+",some,Owner o,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1591,ME ,1322,24,,M,    ,,American,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1592,NDE,1389,47,,F,see #8    ,,US    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"100,000+",post,psychol,,divor,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1593,OBE,1238,34,,F,"Thank you very much for creating a space for these stories. I am very excited to tell mine. I am an artist and at the time I was transitioning from sculpture to painting. This extraordinary experience happened about thirty years ago.   One afternoon, before leaving for work, I decided to do a short meditation. I sat down on a carpet in my living room and assumed a meditation position. Moments after I closed my eyes, a clear blue window-like space appeared on the left side of the horizon. My conscious self became molecular, like a blip, or a tigle and I moved at the speed of light through the space. I first saw the edge of a sea. Beautiful sand edged the pristine waters which were gently rolling on to the shore. The area was completely clear of any vegetation or trees. I then found myself in the air, looking down at circular homes which were in a row. They were reminiscent of yurts or hogans. Then quick as a flash, I was inside, looking at a woman\xe2\x80\x99s back. She was tall, dressed in a black robe with crystals around her head. Telepathically I knew that she was a Priestess, a Healer. The Priestess was standing before an altar of some kind. Next, a small room emanating magenta light came into view. The room was translucent; the walls, ceiling, and floor emanated this gorgeous magenta light. Another room stood beside it, emanating a beautiful clear green light. Instantly I understood that these were healing rooms and that this civilization used color for healing and balancing the body.   I found myself outside, watching women and children playing on a hill. It was a bright sunny day and the children were laughing and chatting. On the hilltop there was a white stone post and lintel with three square colors atop the lintel. The colors were tints of the primary colors of red, yellow and blue. Every now and then a boy would run under the post and lintel to stand for a few moments. Then he would zip out to play again. I understood that this structure helped boys balance their chakra energy; it helped their energy flow without hindrance. Only the boys needed it; it was not necessary for the girls to do this.   Lastly, I found myself looking at the back of an old woman who was sitting on a bench. She was contemplating an exterior mosaic or mural that covered a long low wall. I approached this very colorful abstract wall. Soft sounds emanated from it as the colors moved and fused into each other. I knew that my gross ears could not hear the extraordinary beauty of the music that was created by the fusing colors. The wall was alive, changing into different configurations of beauty, much like a kaleidoscope. The old woman had created this beautiful wall and it was she who was responsible for bringing the concept of color healing into this civilization.      I re-entered my body with a great jerk and my eyes opened. I got up from my spot on the floor and went to work in a daze. There is no way for me to put into words how life changing this event has been. Seeing this beautiful world allowed me to understand the power and healing properties of color and sound. I continue to make art that will bring beauty and healing forces into our world.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Buddhist,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,artist,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1594,OBE,1521,43,,F,"I had a two part experience with this series. I had an OBE with the first and fourth meditation. In the first meditation I experienced a dropping down into my heart. Once that happened, I felt myself leave my physical body. I found myself in the rings of Saturn. I observed this area for a bit. I could feel something like wind and could hear the planet rotating. I watched as rocky material went by. I say watched, but it wasnt like watching with your eyes. I felt like I was going in a circular motion and felt like I was standing, but not really standing. I shifted my consciousness to look down because I felt like I had moved from the rings to somewhere else. I found my consciousness in the middle of the DNA helix. It seems like I stayed there for quite awhile and could feel a sense of awe. I felt in awe throughout this whole experience. I then found myself sort of floating in what felt and looked like darkness, but not scary darkness more like space darkness. I became aware of a shape, but it was on a mammoth scale. There is nothing that I can even compare it to. It felt like God, OM, greatness. I was then in the middle of what seemed like what would be comparable to the bloodstream. I was moving very fast and saw lots of red around me. This shifted from the bloodstream to the galaxies, other planets, humans, animals, trees, everything. I felt like I was being shown that everything is connected and on an even larger scale, we make (everything) actually makes up God/OM. We are the heart, everything is about the heart. In the 4th mediation I had a similar, but different experience. I dropped down into my heart again, but I stayed there for a bit. I had the sensation that I was laying on my left side. I could hear a muffled heart beat. Not a perfect beat and it sounded as if it may even be skipping beats, but so comforting. I became aware of the feeling of warm fluid all around me and inside my nose, lungs, mouth. I could see my right hand, but it was very tiny and very pink. It was mostly dark, but a little bit of white light was around the edges of this space. I felt as if this was me and I was in my mothers womb. I remember feeling the most comforted I ever have. It was so comforting, but also very confining, but not in a bad way. From there, I felt like I was in a white light spiral. The spiral shot the purest white light through my heart and out of the crown of my head-simultaneously. My consciousness catapulted out of my chest, but also through my head. Up, straight up and fast, but completely enveloped with white light and love. I felt like there were beings that were moving with me, supporting me, but they had no physical characteristics. They were pure light.    ",,American,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Yoga st,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1595,OBE,1254,42,,F,"I was listening to a Coldplay album on my iPod and looking out the window of the plane, relaxing &amp; enjoying the flight. I wasnt paying particular attention to anything and was letting my mind wander when I gradually realized that I was flying, not flying in the airplane, but flying alongside the airplane. It was a wonderful feeling, like the flying dreams that I used to have as a child. The difference was that in my childhood dreams, my body was flying and...and I was asleep. When I was on the airplane, I wasnt sleeping. What happened was that I was listening to the music and then I became aware that I was flying in spirit. That is to say, I saw my body sitting in the airplane but *I* was outside the cabin, in the air just beyond my window. I saw myself there but I wasnt afraid. The whole experience was beautiful. I could feel myself soaring. The freedom and the peace that I felt was amazing. When I first realized what was happening, I just enjoyed it but then,unfortunately, I tried to control it. I wanted to see if I could go up or down and the moment I started thinking, the experience was over and I was back in my body, sitting in the airplane, looking at the clouds outside my window. I stopped the iPod and started the playlist over &amp; over, hoping that if some notes had triggered something, that it would happen again, but nothing further happened.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,founder,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1596,DEE,1522,58,,F,"I felt tingling over my shoulders, neck and head and was aware that I had spiritual visitors, possibly three, there was some low level noise/speech that I couldnt decifer. I felt honoured that they had come to visit me, and I raised my head and looked up toward the ceiling a thin, lustrous, moving gold sheet was being moved above me from behind me towards the front of me, and pieces of gold dust were falling from the gold sheet onto me and the bed linen. I looked towards the beds on the other side of the room, and all was as it was before patients and their visitors talking, nursing staff in attendance. I was awake and lucid, and I thought to myself I will survive this (cancer experience and its treatment).    ",,Australia,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,Securit,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1597,ADC,1120,30,,F,It felt like a presence next to me. It felt like the presence put their arm around me to comfort me. It did not feel like an actual person putting their arm around me. But the energy felt that way. And I knew it was my mom. I felt it was her comforting me. There was nobody who could comfort me.     ,,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,undec,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Mental,,single,single,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1598,ADC,1296,60,,F,"I listened to Bruce Moens Afterlife Retrieval CD. I opened myself to help any spirit who may need me. As I listened to the CD, It took me to a tree house, then a door. I went through the door into blackness. Then I saw Donna. I said, Oh Donna, youre here. She presented herself to me as I remembered her (with her glasses on) and was grinning. Then I saw Her Jesus. She turned away from me and ran into his arms and through herself up, warping her legs around his waist like a little child would. He hugged her warmly. Then she turned her head toward me, grinning, then gave me a thumbs up. End of vision.    ",,Citizen U,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Junio,Medical,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1599,ADC,1408,49,,M,"I was drifting off to sleep, somewhat melancholy, because I had been thinking of my brother, who passed away in 1994. He was my younger brother. My wife was out of town, taking care of her terminally ill mother in her final days. It was a time of sadness and raw emotion. As I lay in bed, finally relaxing and beginning to drift towards sleep, I felt a presence fill the room. An overwhelming feeling of love filled me. It was love in a fullness like I had never experienced. At the same time, the room seemed to fill with a fragrance that was undeniably my father. It was the smell of his clean, fresh laundered shirts. It was the fragrance that I most associated with him. This feeling went on for a period of time, but I dont know how much time elapsed. It did not just come and go though, it persisted long enough for me to realize that I was experiencing something very special.    ",,U.S. Citi,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Systems,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1600,DEE,1358,19,,M,In my first reported STE I report that I asked God for help regarding what action I should take next relating to my stand against the war I Viet Nam. This STE brings the Voices reply full circle. Together we have concluded the military experience and launched into a life altering relationship that could be very helpful to me in bringing greater peace to our world. I felt this Voice thing had great possibilities and was well worth further exploration. I still feel that way.    ,,US citize,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1601,DEE,1273,19,,F,What was observed was the white light and the image of Jesus. There was no sound at all. I saw His image but my friend did not. She remembers everything but did not see Him just outside the door. It confirmed in me that it all exists. It wasnt just something we talked about every Sunday Leaving it in the Hands of God wasnt just something to say...we can definitely rely on Him.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Clerica,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1602,ME ,1489,56,,M," By about nine p.m. I noticed that I was hearing songs in a way I never had before. I seemed to be entering more deeply than usual into the mind of the writer and understanding what was being emotionally conveyed. So I kept listening. I felt the sorrows and joys of others as they spoke to me in song. I felt the tragic beauty in the passions, lost hopes and brevity of life as experienced by other people. There was a collision of sadness and beauty, a kind of majestic sorrow. I wondered if it was due to being fifty six years of age and being able to relate to many situations in life. Shivers repeatedly rose in waves up my spine from its base. I could not recall ever enjoying music to such an extent. I identified so closely with the singers, I became them. I could get up and go to the bathroom or get a drink of chilled water from the kitchen without losing the spinal effect. I then returned to the headphones and Yahoo Radio on the computer. The shivers of pleasure continued to rise in waves up my spine and began to intensify and surge down my legs and up my arms. The base of my head, at the rear, where the spine joins the skull was hit by waves of exquisite sensation with each new song. It felt like a hand was gripping the upper back of my neck where it meets the skull, and channelling in high voltage pleasure direct to my brain. After each wave of energy up my spine, this sensation did not totally subside, but seemed to remain as a scintillation of increased magnitude higher than the level before it. I became concerned as the euphoric physical effects intensified and extended in duration. I checked my pulse by the clock to see if I had an elevated heart rate associated with panic attacks. My pulse was normal and steady and my body felt very, very relaxed. I had the sensation of settling or falling back, deeper within my body, as the experience continued. My mind was paradoxically calm, intensely present, sharply aware and my cognition totally functioning and nimble. The waves of sensation up my spine became a volcanic rush that entered my head. I was thinking \xe2\x80\x9cOh, Oh, Oh! Awesome! Go with it!\xe2\x80\x9d Rivers of energy flowed outwards along my limbs. By now it was after midnight. My body felt almost weightless. I felt immense power flowing through my body. At one point I looked at my hands and they felt so full of the sensation of energy and so insubstantial that I wondered if they might pass through the wall if I tried. I touched the wall out of curiosity and my hand was certainly still solid as it touched the wall! It was just that I could not feel my hand. It went on and on, hour after hour as powerful waves of surging energy, ever intensifying. I was totally immersed in intense ecstasy. Suddenly, there was another huge rush of energy upwards. There was complete darkness. I found my locus of consciousness now resting in the centre of my head as a tiny pin point. The room I was sitting in had totally disappeared from sight. It was dark and comforting in the centre of my brain. Then, there was a final atomic eruption I could feel rising beneath this tiny \xe2\x80\x9cme\xe2\x80\x9d, my centre of total awareness, and it burst forth from the top of my head carrying that tiny point in a massive torrent of energy that felt like a clear, cool viscous liquid, and my awareness emerged into a infinite yet intimate space which was like an endless ocean where I felt connected to all things in the cosmos. I thought, \xe2\x80\x9cHuh! I must have died! Oh well, it\xe2\x80\x99s not so bad.\xe2\x80\x9d I had no fear. I was merely a point of consciousness with no body at all. I was overcome with immense gratitude for the privilege of having been alive, and for my life with its joys as well as its sorrows and the total improbability of just being. I thanked God.  Following on was an instantaneous, total life review. It was like viewing a three hundred and sixty degree panoramic picture screen with all of my life events played out simultaneously. Many of the things I had thought very significant in my life were not at all important. My preconceptions of right and wrong melted away. I did not feel judged in any way, I felt completely accepted. Everything was meaningful in my life and nothing I had experienced was wasted. The only things that now mattered in my past life were the times I had shown loving compassion to other people and living things. Then I felt enormous, limitless, feelings of joy, love, compassion and empathy for humankind and all living things. I felt intimate kinship with all humanity. I somehow was The Divine Mother with a heart for all my suffering beings and wanted to encompass them in arms of love and mercy and tell them everything was all right and always had been. Everything was perfect and always had been and always would be. At this stage I did ",,Australia,2001 2,religious,agnostic,Jewish,Hindu,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Enploym,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1603,NDA,1307,40,,F,"I was asleep and was suddenly awaken by my fathers hand shaking my arm. He was telling me that he had to go. I begged him not to. He seemed angry and told me he had to. I woke with tears in my eyes. I thought it was a dream, but it seemed so real. I almost called his house, but it was 3:00 am. The next morning, I called to see if everything was alright, and my mother assured me that all was well. The following month, he died suddenly.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Real Es,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
1604,DEE,1295,5,,F,"I was about 5 years old. I was going through emotional trauma because my parents were divorcing and my beloved father had suddenly, without warning to me, and permanently left our home, leaving me to fend for myself with my withdrawn, unaffectionate mother and my older sister who hated me. One day I was leaving our 6th floor apartment to visit a friendly neighbor. I opened the front door but I stood on the threshold and couldnt go any further. I looked down the long dark hallway but I couldnt take a step off the threshold and out onto the hallway floor. Even though I walked down this dark hallway many, many times before, on that day I couldnt move. I was physically paralyzed. I tried to turn around to go back into my house but I just stood there unable to move. I couldnt move in any direction. My mind wanted to move but I couldnt get my body to move. Then a strange thing happened. I saw an ethereal mist surround me in the shape of a cocoon and it began to wrap itself around me, starting at my feet, going up and stopping at my neck. My whole body, including my arms, was wrapped in this mummy-like cocoon. It made me feel safe, protected and warm. It calmed me down. Then I got an idea how to break out of the paralysis. I suddenly put out my arms and began to twirl off the threshold. I twirled and twirled all the way down the long hallway. I remember my twirling became a habit because I was twirling in my home, in the hallways and in the streets. I thought I was dancing. I think that people thought I was dancing. I feel that Holy Spirit came to me on that day to protect me and to help me.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,I was a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1605,DEE,1457,23,,F,"I learned on that day, we dont know what is really going on around us. That when we die or close to dying profound things shift.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,I just,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1606,NDE,1078,25,,M,"After the mask was placed on my face, the doctor told me to count backwards from 10. I began to count. When I got to 1, I realized I couldnt breathe. I also could not speak or move...or open my eyes.  I began to panic inside. I thought..Im going to die!  Immediately I started to try and think of something that would help me stay alive. Trapped inside my body and unable to move or speak, there werent many options. I thought that if I could just hold onto a thought with my mind, I would not die. So, I thought of a tree. I pictured a tree in my mind, imagined how it felt to be next to a tree, and kept repeating the word tree over and over.  I began to feel like I was moving through a dark tunnel. I felt afraid...and clung to my inner tree life rope as I moved along the dark passageway.  I moved through a darkness...murkiness... that included spirit like beings roaming around making some sounds... I did not recognize any of them...they were misty, grey entities floating around. I felt fear. I realized I could no longer see the word for tree in my mind...but I could still see the tree, and feel its presence.  I continued to move through the darkness and the spirits were gone. The tunnel was lighter. I had an instant awareness of my whole life...like a 360 degree view of everything about my life. It was extremely expansive knowing and deep knowledge. I no longer felt afraid. And I could no longer see the tree in my mind, but I could feel its presence. I was aware that there was a place I had traveled from...and I had family there... but I was not worried because I also knew that in the scheme of all I suddenly knew...all I was remembering had been just a flicker of time...my whole life had happened in less than a snap of my finger.  The light in the tunnel grew brighter and closer. I was travelling fast. Suddenly I burst though into a sea of Light...only Light.... I no longer felt the presence of the tree, because I realized I am the tree! I am everything! This was not a thought...but a knowing. An all expansive knowing.  The feeling was completely ecstatic...like an orgasm without a body. No body to limit the deep and ongoing BLISS. There were no words... just knowing. The knowing was The only thing that matters is Love... all Love It was timeless and so pure. The direct experience of Divine Love Then I became aware of something forming... like a vibration. I realized it was a thought coming into form... and the thought was: What about my son? (I had a 5 month old son at home) As soon as the vibration became a thought, I immediately began travelling back through the tunnel... fast!  I woke up in the recovery room.  I didnt tell anyone for 5 years....not even my husband.  The experience has profoundly changed my life... The experience memory has never faded...it is still more real than real.                  ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,mother,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1607,ADC,1497,23,,M,see # 8 above    ,,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1608,OBE,1373,39,,F,"I copy here the experience exactly as I typed it then. This records my third experience. The first one occurred in February of 1984 and then August, 1984. The third one in January of 1985, as written.  Jan.26, 1985--it has happened again (On what I experienced in early morning, only half awake). There was a rushing sound, a roaring in my ears. I am half awake now, with consciousness of my surroundings, and also have the feeling I am about to plunge off a cliff, a falling sensation. I feel, just briefly, a sense of immovability--the way in a dream one tries to move and cant, and also a sense of fear arises at this. Then the images begin, the feeling one of plunging deep into a vortex, but everything is vividly clear, in color. The images are against a black background, and they are perfect crystalline forms, changing constantly, that make me think of snowflake forms at times, then of those theoretical models of chemical components or DNA, and then of pure rock crystal forms. The speed of the images is way beyond me, their transformations occurring without cessation. Nothing exists but this silent world I seem to have entered, as the forms recede and accelerate alternately in the darkness. Then they stop--disappear, and what I see at a vast distance in total blackness, as if I were looking through a telescope backwards, only infinitely smaller than that, is a tiny circle of light. I see it as if I am looking into a cauldron of light, barely glimpsed at such a distance, but it shifts and flickers on the edges. Only a tiny part of it is revealed to me, but the light is so clear it is like the interior of a diamond--a dazzling light, that oddly conveys a sense, for which I cannot account, that it has a knowledge of some sort--as if the light was source. Then a tingling feeling occurs and the image ends--it all goes away, and I sense my regular surroundings again. I try to go to sleep. The first time this happened, last February 84, I was scared silly.  The images occurred after I experienced the same roaring sound, but at that time (also an early hour, between 2 and 5 a.m.) there was also a loud cracking sound; in fact, that happened first. The images were, then, not immediately visible. They appeared finally in the center of a deep blackness at a great distance in a curling, churning fire of light, and accelerated toward me until I could see the swirling changing crystal forms. I stayed up an hour afterwards, writing it down. I felt then the same tingling sensation at the onset and end of the event, and the same moment of immovability. The second time (all told, it has happened three times) was last summer, August, 84. And now this one, around 4:30 or 5 a.m. The fear was briefer; I knew more of what to expect, and it was as if I willed myself to hold on. I had been asleep, wake up to the buzzing, electric sensation, and the rest, and then it begins. I let the images come. In the times between the 3 events Ive tried to make it happen, unsuccessfully. Each time has occurred only spontaneously. Each time I feel I have encountered something with great energy or power within it. I feel it will happen again--that there is more to learn. Especially within that light. It frightens me, yet I sense it has meaning, validity. I wonder at its meaning, and seek it out.     ",,U.S. Citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",docto,I taugh,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1609,ME ,1362,40,,F,well I saw my father sitting up in his hospital bed completely bathed in light white white light. He was glowing. He was very happy. The ventilation tube had been removed from his throat. He said to us that the worst part about the surgery was the ventilation tube and machine. He was so glad to have it out. I told me Mom about it and I had a strong feeling that my dad was going to be fine and come away okay from the surgery. When I told my Mom she wondered if the bright light could have meant my Dad had died. But I assured her that I knew he was going to be just fine. Well. That day when we visited my Dad in the hospital he was sitting up in bed there was light from the window on him illuminating him! He said The worst part of it all was the ventilation tube.    ,,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,moder,"100,000+",maste,Childre,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1610,ADC,1529,65,,F,See above. The feeling afterwards was one of contentment and knowledge that he will always be with me.    ,,Citizen,"50,000",atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Homemak,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1611,OBE,1217,30,,F,see above    ,,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Marriot,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1612,DEE,1060,32,,F,"I was writhing on the bed from the extreme discomfort of nausea and cramping. I was losing fluids in waves from all ends. The bathroom was close by (I was making frequent trips) but was lying on the bed to rest between waves. I felt a presence come to me it was above me and a little bit to the left. I didnt see a face, but I felt it tremendous love and a feeling of simplicity and calm, grace, peace, that everything was fine and accepted. If I were to give the presence a color, I would say it was a very pale grey, like a dove, not white. It said to me through direct knowing, not a voice Do you want to stay or do you want to go? And thats when I realized the severity of my condition, reacted, called my husband and he called the hotel staff.    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,Housewi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1613,DEE,1436,43,,F,Please see question #43. I think Ive said it all there.    ,,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some, After,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1614,NDE,1098,37,,F," I started drifting off and could only vaguely hear them now.  I found myself floating down a long tunnel. I looked all around and was aware of a soft and mesmerizing light at the end. I wanted to rush towards it but found it hard to move forward and could do so only by forcing myself forward half swimming, half walking. Then, I heard a distant faint voice cry out \xe2\x80\x9cSinus rhythm collapsing, we are losing her\xe2\x80\x9d but I felt completely disinterested in this. Who was being lost? I did not know who they were talking about and was annoyed at the interruption. Now I only had eyes for the wonderful glowing light at the end of the tunnel which seemed to hold promise of great warmth and love unending. I felt so joyful and excited and all awareness of my body on the bed left me as I tried for some time to reach the light. I knew absolutely that wonderful things were awaiting, if I could only get to the end of the tunnel. The light now loomed larger and I could see faint outlines of figures waiting there, beckoning me forwards. I wondered, \xe2\x80\x9cWho is waiting there, is it Sai Baba, angels or loved ones?\xe2\x80\x9d I tried harder and harder to reach the end of the tunnel.  Then, a very faint voice interrupted my travels with a tiny urgent \xe2\x80\x9cBaby on Board\xe2\x80\x9d and a pleading \xe2\x80\x9cBreathe! You must breathe\xe2\x80\x9d. (A nurse was apparently shouting loudly into my ear). This caught my attention. I stopped in the middle of the tunnel and wondered, \xe2\x80\x9cWho has a baby on board, who should be breathing?\xe2\x80\x9d And then thought \xe2\x80\x9cPerhaps it is me, perhaps I am pregnant, if I am, then I must go back\xe2\x80\x9d and I turned reluctantly around. It was so hard to leave that wonderful promise of all-encompassing Love and Joy waiting in the Light and those light filled beings waiting there. The return down the tunnel was brutally sudden. I came back to consciousness to experience total chaos, doctors were shouting and my whole body was in pain. I felt icy cold, but I could see I was indeed pregnant. My memories flooded back and I knew I had many children and others who needed me to hold on. I fought to come back and although the heart rhythm was still unstable, immediately went into labour. Serious faced heart specialists told me \xe2\x80\x9cYou can\xe2\x80\x99t have the baby yet, we will deliver in two weeks when your heart has settled down\xe2\x80\x9d. I did not argue, I could see their point, but I knew from my previous eight deliveries that this labour was not a trial run. So exhausted, I steeled myself for a long night. Whether it was the right time or not, this baby was on its way. I was informed later that day, that I had flat lined for some time and that had this episode happened at our house, some one hours drive from the nearest hospital, both William and I would have died. I reflected on that urgent message in the morning, no wonder I had to get to hospital that day. How strange the many delays that had led to the nurse colliding with the heart specialist! I realized that I had been somehow protected all the way through this crisis. I also felt enormous gratitude for the nurse who had shouted in my ear, because I realized that I had only turned back because of her prompting as all knowledge of my present life had been wiped out. At dawn the following morning with labour well advanced, a grim faced team of Heart specialists and surgeons gathered to deliver the baby. I was hooked to a bank of heart monitors, and had needles in my feet, arms and hands. The recalcitrant heart was still racing and wobbling around. Their ominous expressions told me that they didnt give much for our chances under anaesthetic.   Would you like to leave any messages? I was asked. None, I replied. My husband and children knew I loved them, I told them that every day. Since seeing the two little boys standing together on that planet four years earlier in the OOBE, I felt sure that William at least, would survive to be with his brother. As the anesthetic took hold, I felt totally at peace, after all I had come close to the Light and it was so wonderful, I had no fear of death left. William was delivered with only minor difficulties apparently unharmed by his pre-natal adventure in the Star Trek ship!      ",,NEW ZEALA,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,UNIVERS,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1615,ME ,1437,49,,F,"On meeting one of their friends I became aware of a feeling of joy, exhilaration, expansion and enthusiasm of which I had never felt before. We then met at the dinner table in which he sat opposite me. I was aware of an attraction but also of a repulsion for him. I spent the time avoiding eye contact with him but then a magnetic pull of my eyes drew them up to look at him directly. Time then stood still! I felt like I had arrived home. A spontaneous smile appeared on my face and we looked into each other for what seemed like forever. I then looked away. Next morning I avoided him as I felt he was really dangerous.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Compute,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1616,ADC,1519,70,,F,"After a period of time had passed and my husband continued to breath, I raised my head to look at my family sitting at the bed side. They were quiet and remorseful. But they were not alone. I blinked heavily, trying to clear my eyes but my vision was fine. What I saw was my husband, standing with our family. He wasn\xe2\x80\x99t in a hospital gown with tubes and monitors; he was himself, steady and strong, in street clothing of slacks and a flannel shirt. My family members were solid in the space that their bodies consumed, while my husband was more fluid and seemed to fill the rest of the space. He moved behind one family member to the next. He was composed and serious; the look on his face was one of acceptance that he must leave. Time stood still. And then he disappeared.    ",,Both born,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Human R,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1617,DEE,1305,55,,F,"One day when I was 55, my spiritual life shifted into a new direction. This is a funny and ironic story. I was shopping alone in my local Bed, Bath and Beyond store, buying stuff and yet another set of bed linens because I didnt have that particular shade of beige. I suddenly stopped walking and looked down at all the stuff in my cart and felt a longing. I thought to myself, Is this it? Is this all there is to life? That Peggy Lee song came into my head: Is That All There Is? I just stood there, in that store, staring at all my stuff in the cart, and feeling a strong yearning to find a deeper meaning to life. I wasnt thinking to find God yet. I just wanted to know a deeper meaning to life. I couldnt believe that life was just about cooking dinners, buying bed linens and sending people greeting cards. I didnt realize then that I wanted to find God. The funny and ironic part of this story is that God planted this second seed (the first seed had to do with Rose Kennedys face, which Ill submit soon) at the store called Bed, Bath and BEYOND. A girlfriend brought this irony to my attention, which I didnt get at the time of the STE. At the moment that my STE occurred, I told myself that I was going to find a deeper meaning in life. My mood changed. I was now joyful and hopeful that I would find Meaning in life. I was a little excited by my new project.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1618,ME ,1342,67,,F,"I observed an average looking man resting on an embankment near me. there were no sounds, just an awareness in my mind that I loved him more than anything, and I felt he loved me the same way; again, nothing sexual... just the agape love    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,medical,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1619,ADC,1547,31,,M,All described in detail above in #43.    ,,Canadian,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",colle,Jazz pi,,marri,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1620,ME ,1302,51,,F,"Sometime in 1996, I was sitting alone in my office in my home in the middle of writing my memoir novel. I was sitting in my chair, thinking at the time. Suddenly I saw a vision in my head that Im entitling Our Human Timeline of Existence. It was a horizontally long image running left to right in my head. There were no words, numbers or sounds, only images. At the left of this horizontal Timeline was the first image. That image was of an ape down on all fours and facing left. To the right of that ape and facing right was a second ape starting to stand up. To the right of that ape and facing right was the third ape, looking Neanderthal. To the right of that ape was a picture of a human being facing right. Then there was a little space. To the right of the space was the image of Leonardo da Vinci\xe2\x80\x99s Vitruvian Man. To the right of that was a very, very long empty area. At the right end of the Timeline, the last image, is a great gust of horizontal wind blurring out the whole right end of the Timeline. That was what I saw. There were no dates on this Timeline. I thought about that vision and why I was seeing it. According to the spacing of the images one to another on the left and then the very long empty space in the middle area and then the wind blur all the way on the right, the vision said to me that, according to where Vitruvian Man was standing in the Timeline, we humans are currently (the 20th Century) into about 20% of our survival, from our beginnings on Earth to our end. I couldnt see our end because that was where the horizontal wind blur was, which took up all the space on the right side. There were no dates, so I dont know how it would happen to us, when, or if it would even happen at all. What I do see is that we humans have many, many more millenniums of survival. I believe I saw this vision and I believe (kinda) in what it was telling me. I wasnt sure what I was supposed to do with this knowledge except to tell people. But since that was one of my first spiritual experiences, I was so new to God (but still an atheist), that I think I told one other person. I wasnt confident in what I saw and I didnt want people to think I was crazy. Im uploading a file of the picture I drew of this vision. I dont remember what day I actually saw it because I wasnt writing down my spiritual experiences yet. So I recorded my vision in this picture at a later time, June 19, 2006. Please note my address and all contact info has changed since then.     ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1621,DEE,1299,22,,M,"I entered my bedroom, sat down on a cushioned window seat, and the sobbing continued. Moments later, I felt a tingling in my arms, kind of like they had fallen asleep, though I wasnt sitting in a way that impaired blood flow. Moments later, my arms rose from my sides and my hands literally came together in prayer in front of my chest. I watched in complete wonderment as this occurred. And I suddenly felt in my heart a very clear instruction that I needed to get on my knees and pray. But I was refused. I didnt understand why prayer was necessary. In fact, it seemed like an act of subservience that made me uneasy. Meanwhile, my arms and hands were literally vibrating, and my hands were stuck together that literally, I was unable to pull them apart. Why is this happening to me, I wondered. And I suddenly understood that I was dying. No sooner did that thought cross my mind, my hands fell back to my sides--thus making a connection in my mind between the thought I was dying and the release of my hands from the unseen force, and the immediate cessation of the tingling sensations. Given how strange this all was, it seemed perfectly logical to me that I was indeed dying. My mother was spiritual, so I thought I better go downstairs and tell her. In the living room, I sat beside my mother and told her what had just happened. She told me to go ahead and pray. I told her I couldnt, and that I was dying. She was very spiritual. When she heard this, she thought perhaps a part of me was dying, to make room for something else... but I wasnt physically dying. I told her she was wrong. She checked my temperature. I had a fever of 103. She went to get some aspirin, and told me to to relax. After I took the aspirin, I lay down on the living room couch, and thats when a spiritual being showed up. I heard him as clear as day, talking in my head, just as if he was in the room with me. The first thing he said to me was, Ok, lets go! When he said that, I could feel a pulling sensation all of a sudden on the region of my solar plexus. If the soul was real, it felt like he was reaching in and pulling my soul out of my body. It was a very uncomfortable and unusual feeling, and I reacted to it by kicking my feet on the couch. When I did this, the pulling, or suction-y feeling stopped. Long story short, this fight to stay went on for more than an hour. I remained lucid throughout the whole experience, conversing with my family while also telepathically conversing with this Being. The longer I resisted, the more this Being resorted to threatening me. I didnt care--no matter what the threats (Stay and youll be crazy, no one will ever understand you, your family wont remember a thing--their memories will be wiped) I refused to go wherever it was this Being was intent on taking me. Finally, fed up with my refusal, the Being told me he wasnt leaving empty handed. If I didnt come then and there, he would cause my father to have a massive heart attack, and he would take my father. My father and I had had a long and stormy relationship, however, I didnt have to think about that threat. I immediately relented and agreed to come. But I asked to say goodbye to my family first--which he permitted. I literally kissed and hugged everyone who was there and said goodbye. It was the saddest moment I have ever experienced. Then I told the Being I was finally ready, and I heard a voice (a different voice than the Being) tell me it wasnt my time. For a while I pleaded to go. I was ready. But it was no use. My fever broke, and I felt better than I had ever felt in my life-- and I appreciated my life like I had never appreciated it before.     ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",some,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1622,ADC,1304,56,,F,"I saw my father as I had last saw him when he was feeling well before he had cancer. I felt overjoyed to see him and began to run toward him to hug him. He smiled at me with understanding and compassion. He did not visibly speak, but I could hear him speaking to me. He told me I could not hug him yet, but he wanted to let me know he understood and I was forgiven. (I had been feeling guilty for a long time that I had not spoken with him honestly about his illness and impending death because we had always been very close.).    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Medical,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1623,DEE,1436,43,,F,Please see question #43. I think Ive said it all there.    ,,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some, After,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1624,ADC,1365,36,,F,"I felt shocked that Mr. S. handed me the exact poem that my mother had read 7000 miles away just two hours before. I wanted to have a copy of the poem and asked my mother, forgetting to remind her to send it at end of conversation. I believed it was more than a coincidence, it was a message from my uncle, and that his consciousness in some way continued.    ",,Irish,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,undec,very st,"100,000+",colle,Adminis,,single,marri,Yes,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1625,ADC,1363,25,,F,"I sat on the edge of the bed as Shawn tried to comfort me, my crying seemed to intensify with the downpour of the rain. I looked up at the ceiling in our bedroom asking God for a sign. I asked him as a Catholic, saying out loud: I have faith and I know they say he is in a better place, but I need MORE! I need PROOF that he is OKAY! And just as I shouted this at God a sudden loud bang and flash of white light filled the bedroom. Shawn and I physically jumped out of bed because the crash was so loud we thought the window was going to crash in on us. We looked at each other, puzzled. Was that for us? Because the timing was just as if God was answering my prayer. Just as that happened we began to calm down and the rain also subsided. I told Shawn that it felt like an answer from God and it was so strange. The next morning Shawn went out to our car that was parked on the street. He heard muffled music playing that grew louder as he got nearer. When he opened the car door the radio was blasting music very loud on my brothers favourite radio station. When Shawn tried to shut the radio off, it would not turn off, he had to pull the system out of its dock to make it turn off. The radio remained like that for years. The wires were fried because that night our building and our car was hit by lightening, the very lightening that crashed outside our window at the very moment I asked God for a sign / for proof that John was okay. That isnt the end of it. From then on it was like the floodgates had opened. I got all kinds of signs from John, all kinds of instances of after-death communication, including a full apparition, physical phenomenon, electronic phenomenon and I would like to share that all here. I could write my own book about all the signs John gave me and my family after his death. He loved us so much his love transcended death and the tragedy of his loss made it that much more important that he get through to us and let us know he was okay. And God made it possible for him to do that.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Teacher,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1626,ME ,1361,26,,F,My friends were pouring oil over me anointing me. I had prayed before going to bed that night that God would some how make something in me occur so that I could have faith. One of my friends had a such a deep faith in God and Jesus yet she had no evidence at all because her life was hard. Very difficult circumstances yet she continued to believe in Gods love for her. I thought to myself that I would like to have some of that faith because I admired it. But I knew I didnt have it. So I asked God for it. I said God if you are real please provide me with a bit of faith so that I might believe in you as well.    ,,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,I had j,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1627,PLR,1429,26,,M,"I felt lots of love, it make me to research on reincarnation stories.    ",,I am a ci,"100,00",religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"25,000 49",some,Ladies,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1628,ADC,1012,72,,F,see above    ,,citizen o,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High sc,Legal S,,married,widowed,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1629,ME ,1219,5,,M,"A small room in the basement of my parents friends house in the suburbs of LaPorte, IN. My parents friends 5 year old son went downstairs to the basement to play and I followed him. He went into a small room and I followed him. The rights side of the room was filled with clouds or dense fog with bright beaming lights. My friend then went into the fog and disappeared. He told me he would be right back. I tried to follow him but was held back by an invisible force. I heard animal sounds, like horses an elephants. I waited basically frozen, then he reappeared and walked out of the clouds and we exited the room.    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,moder,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1630,OBE,1495,4,,F,"I remember my mother calling out to my aunt. . .watch her, she likes to stand on the edge of the tub. The next thing I remember is seeing myself being carried by my aunt and placed on the couch. I was watching from above. My aunt was crying and my mother was pulling curlers from her hair. My aunt told her to nevermind her hair, then picked me up and carried me to the car. I did not feel anything. I was an observer. I had no emotion. I had no body that I was aware of. I saw myself laying In the back seat of the car and was seeing the event as a movie, but always from above. It wasnt like I was even connected to them somehow yet I knew who they were and I knew it was me. The next thing I remember is seeing my aunt carrying me through the parking lot with my mother beside her. As we entered the hospital I was laid on a gurney. I heard a nurse say shes going to regurgitate. The next thing I remember was waking up in my own bed, walking into our kitchen where my mother, father, aunt, &amp; grandmother were talking around the table and someone said. . . well look whos awake! and everyone hugged me. I never thought about it until one day when I was a teen, my mother and aunt brought it up and I made fun of my mother needing to do her hair before taking me to the hospital and she said, how do you know that? You were out cold.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,    Q.,,single,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1631,ME ,1268,40,,F,"I kept asking if there is a God I want to see God. If God is perfect I want to see perfection. I saw the brightest white gold silver light, felt absolute unconditional love touch me I was apart of it but as a spark of being a recipient of this love. The feeling of peace and tranquility was supreme. Then I got scared and thought maybe Im oxygen deprived and Im dying which stopped the experience as suddenly as it began.    ",,American,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1632,ME ,1112,58,,F,"As my partner progressed through the passes over my chakras, I began to experience a floating sensation and a feeling of being drawn out of my body through the top of my head. I was not afraid, and thought to myself, I dont think Im dying, but perhaps this is what the Catholic church means by the grace of a happy death. As this sensation of leaving my body progressed, I had a deep sense of safety, of being loved, both intimately and objectively. I felt that I was loved because I both part of creation and creation itself-unique, yet indivisible. Writing about it now, in this moment, brings tears to my eyes.    ",,American,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Occupat,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1633,ME ,1099,60,,F,We observed Stan in the rocking chair next to his bed with his finger on his forehead as he always did. We didnt hear anything but noted that later on he was in the bed covered up. I didnt really feel anything other than it was a normal Sunday morning.    ,,US Citize,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",docto,Educati,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
1634,DEE,1453,49,,F,It was a long time ago. I dont remember any sound or light just the most incredible source of love I will never forget.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Airline,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1635,DEE,1520,49,,M,"I had recently stopped drinking alcohol after 29 years of habitual and heavy drinking. My partner at the time was engaged in guided meditation and spiritual connection and growth. She convinced me to look to meditation and I discovered that I could use the pendulum quite successfully. I began to work very hard at the spiritual connection that I was forming. After a period of time i was able to hear messages and feel spiritual presence.I was shown the different spheres and told of the existence of other worlds and other dimensions. I had come to a point in my life where change was necessary. God had played a major part in my life until age 13....I felt divorced from him at age 49 and quite spiritually, emotionally and physically lost. In these early days of my transformation i was meditating and the room was flooded with a beautiful golden light. I felt myself being lifted from the chair....tears streamed down my face and the overwhelming message was to love God. From this point I began to understand that love was the key to change albeit with a great deal of hard personal work.    ",,I am an A,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Student,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1636,NDA,1178,16,,F,"I saw the stars in the universe flash past me as I was speeding away leaving the earth, to hear a voice telling me It was not my time, I have important things to do. I still wonder if I need to do more to complete the important things somehow.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,avera,"25,000 49",some,High sc,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1637,NDA,1474,34,,F,"As many people describe accidents, everything seemed to go in slow motion, and I watched. I found that instead of fear, I became very, very calm. I felt that I had no control over what was about to occur, and that was OK. I knew the severity of the situation would surely lead to my death. The feeling is indescribeable really. My past did not flash before me, instead, the only thing that came to me, other than the complete peace and acceptance, was the recurring thought that if I died that day, I would not be able to bring my daughter into the world. I was not pregnant at the time, nor trying to get pregnant. The only thing that mattered though was telling my husband that I loved him and that if I died, I would not be able to have my daughter. I was no longer fearful of death.    ",,USA citiz,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Lab wor,,marri,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1638,ADC,1428,47,,F,"My father came to me in a dream that night. I dont remember if I saw him but I remember him telling me, Get a sledge hammer and give the drum a good knock and it will pop off there. My father was a mechanic and an electrician and I was his family helper with mechanics. He was also a man of few words, so our conversation didnt go beyond that from my recollection.    ",,USA Citiz,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Buddhist,,,seld,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",maste,Masters,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1639,NDE,1415,3,,F,The eyes in the tunnel kind of scared me and the singing was weird and scary. But the warm breeze going thru me like I was made of smoke was so warm and smart. Filled with so much knowledge and more love than the earth can know.    ,,USA    Q.,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Toddler,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1640,ADC,1017,25,,F,"In detail, I knew my grandfather was met by relatives, and my grandmother would be too. I wanted to be in communication with her spirit as she went home. I wanted to be with her in her room to give her comfort.  I sat and let the image come, where I could sense her presence in her bedroom at the nursing home and just let her speak to me. I learned that I had indeed inherited something spiritual from my mothers side of the family, and I was full of joy for my Grandmother. She knew and I knew it was very special.    ",,citizen o,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Prefer no,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,separ,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1641,ADC,1274,52,,F,My observation was the ethereal vision of my mother and my fathers arms hugging me around my shoulders. Both my brother &amp; I had no question whos hug it was as he did it often with his kids. There was no sound that specifically went with anything seen or felt...just the sounds of the hospital. I learned that my father came for my mother and took her Home with him...what a great feeling to know/feel.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Corpora,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1642,SDE,1070,53,,F,I began to feel I was in a tunnel of light and suddenly saw a very religious image of Jesus-he had a crown of thorns and a bleeding heart we did not speak but it was the first time I ever felt loved and I have never been the same since then    ,,usa    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,religious,Unaffilia,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,tax coo,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1643,ADC,1354,37,,F,"I had a dream. In it, I saw a small, frail old man walking slowly. It was dark, but I could see him as easily as if it was daylight. There was no background (furniture, buildings, trees), no sense of place or location. He was smiling and had on an ill-fitting suit that was too big for him. I felt sorry for him, because he was dressed in such an ill-fitting suit yet he didnt seem to realize it. Then I heard or sensed a voice that told me not to feel sorry for him because he was truly happy. In the morning, my husband got a phone call from his mother. His grandfather (a small, frail old man who looked just like the man in my dream) had died during the night. We werent aware that he was ill or anything. We hadnt been thinking about him or talking about him. Strangely, in the phone conversation, Brians mother mentioned that she had to go shopping for a new suit for him to be buried in. He had lost weight the last few years, and none of his suits fit him anymore.    ",,U.S. citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,very st,"100,000+",colle,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1644,OBE,1346,4,,M,"This seemed very natural, again no big deal  I thought that floating was more fun than just walking, so I concluded that I would run or float everywhere. You know, normal, Thats when the guide reminded me of my body, The guide was like a voice but from behind me and just a few feet above me.    ",,usa    Q.,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"100,000+",colle,none,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1645,OBE,1148,62,,M,It was as I described above. Im not sure what I learned except that it was so real and I know that consciousness can survive outside my body.    ,,US Citize,2001 2,atheist,agnostic,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,moder,none,"50,000 99",maste,Retired,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1646,ME ,1311,61,,F,"In September 2006, Hank showed me a story and picture in our local New York newspaper, The Journal News, of the current Pope Benedict making a personal, nonofficial, visit to see the Veil of Veronica in Italy. Yes, the cloth that Jesus used to wipe his face and miraculously imprint his face on during the walk to his death is actually framed and protected by the Capuchin Monastery in Manoppello, Italy today. The Popes visit took place on September 1, 2006, the 500th Anniversary of the cloth being in this monastery. I was immediately drawn to this story. After reading and researching it in Wikipedia, an official Catholic newspaper, etc., I had a Knowing that this picture was truly Jesuss face. I have His face all over my home, in my car, in my wallet and I give out this picture to whoever wants it. You can see Jesuss face for yourself. Ive uploaded a picture of who I believe is Jesus. You can also see his face and the story in a Google search of: Holy Face of Manoppello. Youll see a close-up, brass-colored picture of a mans face with bruises on it and his nose looks broken. His mouth is slightly open, revealing his teeth. Six years later, I still believe 100% that this is the face of Jesus.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1647,ME ,1161,4,,F,"Standing in the back yard, deep in thought, suddenly, I was high above everything looking down at myself on the ground. I somehow knew that nothing mattered. I was part of something so much larger that my existence on earth was minor. I surely didnt think those thoughts as a child, but had a knowing that all of this was true. I can still feel it now. Then I was back on the ground, just looking around. Although Ive come to view these three STEs as mystical, I am not wondering if they are out-of-body. Doesnt feel that way, but could be.    ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,n/a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1648,DEE,1522,58,,F,"I felt tingling over my shoulders, neck and head and was aware that I had spiritual visitors, possibly three, there was some low level noise/speech that I couldnt decifer. I felt honoured that they had come to visit me, and I raised my head and looked up toward the ceiling a thin, lustrous, moving gold sheet was being moved above me from behind me towards the front of me, and pieces of gold dust were falling from the gold sheet onto me and the bed linen. I looked towards the beds on the other side of the room, and all was as it was before patients and their visitors talking, nursing staff in attendance. I was awake and lucid, and I thought to myself I will survive this (cancer experience and its treatment).    ",,Australia,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,Securit,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1649,ADC,1483,52,,M,"It lasted an instant. I sat up expecting to see my mother walking toward me from the kitchen, then fully woke and remembered that she was in the hospital. I brushed off the incident and went back to sleep.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,dail,week,undec,littl,"100,000+",docto,attorne,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1650,OBE,1443,25,,F,"When I was in my 20s, I had a number of out of body experiences where I would find myself in a different location than my body. (was not on drugs or attempting OBE, did not know much about it and still dont) What was significant to me was the experience of seeing without eyes and hearing without ears. That is the best way I could describe it. Experience was hyper real Was able to confirm once with a sister-in-law, that while my body was not present, I was with her and accurately observing her. Leaving an OBE felt like my body fit like a glove that was too tight. Was no emotional physical trauma going on at the time. Have not had these experiences since then. Of note, I have always been a lucid dreamer am aware I am dreaming while I am asleep and can consciously influence what is going on in dreams I enjoy flying, changing locations with a thought and walking through walls. Also of note have always felt unconditionally loved its just kind of who I am. Feels like something I carry with me no matter the circumstances.    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,nurse,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1651,DEE,1541,65,,M,"My STE is a Divine Entity Encounter, at least I think that is the closest description of it. I have reported this in my book; Jesus Who. I suspect it was the Spirit of God, but it could have been an angle.  Personal Story; A love tap of Understanding For several years, I could not accept that all the people in a couple of Old Testament cities were killed by Joshua\xe2\x80\x99s army. Joshua 11:11-12 What about the infants and young children? Why should they die a terrible death for the sins of their parents? I was thrown a curve by this story. How could God do such a terrible thing? This was not merciful. This was a big problem for me and remained so for years. These young children could have been taken into homes of decent people and they would have no knowledge of their biological parents or their old lifestyles. Then one day I was praying about this and I got something like a gentle slap on the head, an interruption of my consciousness from outside myself, likely from the Spirit of God; I clearly heard. \xe2\x80\x9cThe souls of the innocents were taken a moment before they died.\xe2\x80\x9d So when the sword hit, the children were in a persistent vegetative state in that God had already taken their souls to safety. What a relief! I was elated. Then about five seconds later, I thought; Hey, wait a minute. Did God really tell me that, or did I just make it up to ease my own distress? Straight away I got a second interruption and I clearly heard that voice again; \xe2\x80\x9cIf you did make it up, how much wiser and more merciful is your Father in Heaven.\xe2\x80\x9d Wow! It was definitely not my voice or my words. The old fashioned style is not the way I use words or language! Plus the fact that it came as an interruption to my thoughts (hey, pay attention). I am convinced that it was Divinely given personal information to help me get over this stumbling block. Most wonderful of all, notice that the communication was loving, not angry. I had just assumed, that God would be angry with me for being dumb, weak and sinful, because I was often angry with myself for those reasons. The improbable lovingness and civility of this communication kept me in a state of astonishment for several years and still causes breathlessness when I recall it to mind. How could the all powerful God love such a dumb, weak and sinful little man? Is that an improbable enough God for you? It sure is for me and I do have faith in Him. He\xe2\x80\x99s got you, He\xe2\x80\x99s got you and He\xe2\x80\x99s got your back. Don\xe2\x80\x99t worry about anything because all this earthly stuff, everything here, is ridiculously trivial to Him. I thank God for showing Himself to me as a loving father and I do feel very blessed for it. God is love and I suspect that humans have been programmed by God to love our children so that we, in our human pettiness, would have at least some experience of what love is. \xe2\x80\x9cAnyone who loves God must also love their brother and sister\xe2\x80\x9d. 1 John 4:21 So we are supposed to love one another, that means love everyone always. So just know that you too may reasonably expect that the one and only God will communicate with you about your Christian concerns and that it will come out of the clear blue sky and be a loving personal answer. He is the same loving God for all of us, even those people we don\xe2\x80\x99t care for. As improbable as it is, God loves us all. You will come to be as fond of your new Christian memories as you are of your actual childhood memories, because there is a mighty and loving Father helping you through a difficult and confusing adolescents. If you missed out on that from your biological father, you will find your Heavenly Father especially wonderful and loving. Really. God never said that the Bible is all there is to know. It is implied that the Bible is the minimum you should know and there may be certain things that He will communicate to help you personally if you ask Him. Waiting for God to answer is fairly short term, it is not the classic; Waiting For Godoe. God is for real.     ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1652,DEE,1297,67,,F,"Hank, my husband, and I were getting ready to move on December 10, 2012 from Ossining, New York to Milford, Connecticut. Most of the house was already packed up. I had gone through the whole coat closet downstairs by the front door, throwing stuff out and organizing what I wanted to pack up at that time or wait until moving day. There was a small shelf above the coat hangar bar that I looked over while standing on a stool to see what was up there and what needed to be thrown out. There were mostly gloves and hats which I kept there in case we needed them. We had just arrived home at night from eating out Thanksgiving Dinner on November 22, 2012. Hank hung up his coat first in the lit up coat closet. Then I took out a hangar, hung my coat on it and, while looking toward Hank and talking to him, I went to hang up my coat without looking at the bar or what I was doing because I knew that closet so well, after living in this house for 22 years. I had trouble getting the hangar hook to go over the bar. I tried and tried but the hook wouldnt go on the bar. It kept getting stuck on something. So I looked at the bar and saw there was a chain of some kind hanging down from the shelf above. There was a sliver of an opening between the slats of the wooden shelf and a chain had made its way through the opening and hung down in a loop, the narrow opening of which happened to be facing the tip of the hangar. So when I aimed, without looking, the tip of the hangar to go on the bar, it went through the narrow loop instead and got stuck there. I looked at the chain. I couldnt understand where this chain came from. I knew everything that was on the shelf and there was no chain. I pulled on the chain. It came down through the slat opening and a medallion of some kind followed it. I looked at this medallion with its long neck chain in the palm of my hand and just stared at it. I couldnt believe my eyes. That was my medallion and my chain that I had mysteriously lost 5 years previous. I had this piece of jewelry custom made for me, based on the image that I had seen when I was 29 years of age of a glow and cross. The medallion was a white Mother of Pearl flat, round disk (glow) with a MOP cross affixed onto the disk. When I received this gift to myself from the jeweler, I loved it and wore it every single day for about a year. One night Hank and I were going to a special place and I wanted to wear a special necklace that would conflict with the medallion and chain, so I took it off and probably placed it on my dresser in the bedroom, as I was planning to wear it again the next day. I either placed it on the top of my dresser or put it into my jewelry drawer in the dresser. The next day when I awoke, I looked for the medallion to put it on again and I couldnt find it. I looked on the dresser top, in all the drawers, on the floor around the dresser, in our bedroom, in the bathrooms and in all the rooms of my home, but Hank and I couldnt find it. It was missing for about 5 years and during those years, I kept on looking all over my house for the medallion, but with no luck. Then I thought that God was mad at me for taking it off, so It took it away. So, 5 years later, God had miraculously given back to me my medallion in such an incredible way. I showed it to Hank in disbelief. He was amazed how that medallion came back to me, and 5 years later! Then I told Hank that I had a bad thought, that It gave it back to me because something bad or hard was going to happen during or after our move and I would need this medallion that I loved so much and which connected me to God and Its serenity. Ive been wearing the medallion every day since and will wear it every single day always, even if it doesnt go with a fancy outfit. Our move was hard but Hank and I survived it and are doing well. Although we have to move again in a year and dont know where we will live, though we want to stay in Milford.       ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1653,ADC,1196,58,,F,"I felt exhilarated to see her! I felt sad to leave her. I was aware of the joyousness of the space I was in. I felt it was a treat and for some reason, I was given this gift. I knew it was not a dream, but an experience. I didnt understand (and still dont know) how this could be, other than my spirit traveled to where she was. She did not come to me. I went to her. Ive had two visits from my deceased father and in those events, he came to me. This was different.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Busines,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1654,ADC,1139,36,,F,i learned that staying on this earth could be a very happy experience if you choose it to be. i was feeling low that my dad had passed. his way of coming through with something we shared together was a way of telling me that i should stay and enjoy life.    ,,usa    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,VP Adve,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1655,ME ,1287,57,,F,"On January 12, 2002 something pivotal happened that enabled me to open my mind to believe in God. My husband Hank and I were staying at a historic, antique-filled bed and breakfast, Butternut Farm, in Glastonbury, Connecticut. (I dont think the owners of this establishment would want it to be made public that their bed and breakfast is haunted.) It was Saturday night and we went to sleep on the comfortable and luxurious bed. In the middle of the night, I woke up, eyes wide open, and sat up tall in bed. Looking back on this experience, I must have looked like I was in one of those movies when someone is under a spell and rises from their sleep with their eyes wide open, back straight as a board. I didnt hear or smell anything and I wasnt touched by anything but I instantly turned my head to the left and saw something. About three feet away from me, suspended in mid air about eye level to me, was a ghost. The ghost was shaped like a huge, round, horizontal Bayer aspirin tablet. It was flat on the top and bottom with rounded edges. It was about two feet in diameter. The ghost was made up of thousands of tiny black particles, each shaped like a sperm, which furiously rotated clockwise as fast as a tornado. It spun around so violently that it spewed off some of the tiny black particles. But, although the ghost was just a couple of feet away and although it was spinning as fast as a tornado, I didnt feel a breeze and none of the particles touched me. It was as if the ghost was contained in its own little world, separate from my human world. This whole experience actually lasted just a few seconds, because as soon as I sat up and turned my head and my eyes saw the ghost, as if it saw me looking at it, it instantly broke down into an amoebic mob of black particles and made a mad dash for the closed old door and disappeared through the long crack of the warped frame. I sat up for a while thinking about this experience. Strangely, I did not feel fear because if I did, I would have awakened my husband. I did feel a sort of fear because I didnt want to put my head back down on the pillow, afraid to go back to sleep, afraid the ghost would return. But I was very tired and layed back down to ponder what I should do. The next thing I knew, it was morning. As soon as we woke up, I told Hank about the ghost. He just listened to me. He looked like he was believing me. I told him there probably was a small chance it was all a dream but I didnt think so. It didnt feel like a dream. It felt real and I remembered it in vivid detail. When we went downstairs for breakfast, I was so excited that I told everyone in the dining room what happened to me that night. The two owners mockingly pooh-poohed my story but there was a visiting pastor from Pennsylvania. She also stayed overnight because she was to give a sermon at a nearby church. She confirmed that she was also visited by the ghost. She said she didnt see what I saw but she woke up during the night and felt its presence sitting in a chair by her bed. She said that in her line of work, people often came to her with stories and issues concerning ghosts and spirits. With the pastor as witness, I was validated 100% that I did indeed see a ghost. Actually, I think this pastor was an Angel because in the days ahead I tried to reach her but I couldnt find her anywhere, even though she gave me her business card. It was as if she disappeared. Seeing the ghost was a shocking but crucial experience. It had served a greater purpose in my life than just to amaze me. It took about a year for me to digest and process the ghost before I could tell anyone else. Then I told a friend. After getting this experience out, I started to really think about the ghost. It suddenly dawned on me that I saw a ghost! The reality of seeing a ghost, I realized, became proof that there really was a spiritual world. Standing now on the threshold of this whole new world, my mind looked out and wondered: Wow! Now that I know there really is a spiritual world and that ghosts are real, what else can I believe in? The answer came in my very next breath: God. But, still, I didnt find God for another year. And on that day, everything became crystal clear.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1656,ME ,1545,62,,M,"I had just arrived at the hotel and decided to take a little nap, to rest after the driving. I left a lamp on, and lied on the bed, half turned to the right and fell asleep. It was a light and pleasant sleep and I awoke after about half an hour. As I opened my eyes, I saw a kind of steam or smoke rising from me. It was more like enveloping me, because as I was still half-turned to the right I saw it was rising from below the side of the bed. It was rising fast, as fast as steam does from a boiling pan of water, but more smoothly. I observed this and the next instant I became a little anxious, because I remembered that something like a haze rises sometimes from people who are dying. So I immediately breathed in and checked my body mentally, but I was fine. But by then I could not see the steam any more. I have to say that as I woke up I was very clear and knew exactly where I was, and when.    ",,Greek cit,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Biology,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,senior
1657,OBE,1011,62,,M,"my outlook on everyday life has changed,i feel deeply loved and ever in the pesense of god.i do not fear death at all and seem to be in constant prayer for guidance with a will to know God more and a common thread the exists between us all.    ",,born in u,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,master,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1658,ADC,1292,41,,F,"I saw only my father with nothing surrounding him but a color I cannot describe. At first, I felt nothing just surprise. Idont know if he was sitting, standing because I only saw him from the waist up. He was 63 when he died but he didnt look 63 nor did he look young. He looked ageless and his skin looked illuminated.He had the most beautiful color, I cant explain it. I had never seen his face so peaceful and happy. He was looking directly at me and said dont worry about me, Ive never been happier and then faded out.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,nationa,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1659,ADC,1050,42,,F,"The second dream she came to me in white clothing walking down a long stairway with another lady and she looked peaceful. She also came to my husband, he asked her to stay, she said she couldnt, that she was with Jesus and that she was happy.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,I was a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1660,ADC,1544,59,,F,see above    ,,US    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",docto,Technic,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1661,DEE,1132,29,,F,Read above    ,,Citizen,"50,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Stay at,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1662,ADC,1328,56,,F,"I was stunned when I saw the candle. I had never thought about the sun being a candle on someones birthday cake before this. An unburned candle in the middle of a beach in September was highly unusual. In fact, the candle was an exact match to the candles I had at home that fit a tiny brass holder and held the exact same candles that Alan and I had received a few years before at Christmas midnight mass. That size and shape candle is hard to find. The one I had at home was broken and I had looked to replace it for quite some time and never found one to match. I was speechless. I picked up the candle and tears of joy came to my eyes. In fact, that day I was having Alans mother over for lunch, as it was the first time we were experiencing his birthday since he died. She was also speechless when I told her the story. We burned the candle together while we had lunch.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Real Es,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1663,ME ,1548,30,,F,See answer above.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Unity,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",docto,Wife an,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1664,NDE,1066,24,,F,"Suddenly I realized that I was someplace other than earth. I was not scared at all. It was dark, but peaceful I felt as if I was being held in the arms of Jesus. I was told (not verbally/audibly, but there was a consious awareness of communication, and understanding, perhaps telepathic) that I was loved. In this darkness I felt every cell of my body bathed in peace and love and comfort. No pain, not a euphoria, but just simply wonderful. It felt so good. But then I realized I had a choice to move forward to (I assumed heaven) or go back to where I had been. As good as this place made me feel, I thought about how cute my new baby sone was and how I wanted to be his mother. As soon as my choice was clear, I felt my self beamed back instantly to the hospital bed. I remember saying to the nurses, Im back. I was too weak to open my eyes, but KNEW I had been elsewhere and now was not only back on earth, but back for a long time.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Recepti,,marri,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1665,DEE,1453,49,,F,It was a long time ago. I dont remember any sound or light just the most incredible source of love I will never forget.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Airline,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1666,OBE,1421,54,,F,I saw what I imagine must have been a vision:very simply clouds &amp; sunlight in a bright sky but I was in the sky about plane height. The vision was incredibly clear a dream would me very fuzzy in comparison. I could SEE every detail    ,,South Afr,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,avera,moder,"0 24,999",some,medical,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1667,ME ,1231,2,,F,"First, you must understand that my memory is remarkable. Although not purely photographic, the depth and breadth of my abilities are pretty striking. I remember almost everything going back to this experience. Thats what makes it stick out so much to me. My human consciousness takes me back to this day and there is literally nothing in my memories before it. There is not trauma, no injury, no conceivable explanation for that absence. With that, the STE starts with me floating in the universe. Im very calm and have absolutely no concerns or preconceived notions about where Im going. All there is was the sudden realization that I exist. As I float, I can see earth getting closer. I start to fall through the atmosphere, the clouds, etc. but the experience is not frightening at all. I see things start to form on the ground, like roadways and towns. I see what would be my small town, circle terrace, the top of a bunch of houses, etc. as I continue my downward movement. Just as I get ready to hit the roof of our house, my eyes open in my bedroom. Thus begins my consciousness, my memories, and my life on this planet.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1668,DEE,1188,22,,F,"Initially, the environment felt cold to me. the people were very business like and even the woman who was there to hold my hand was not very friendly. I felt alone. The machine was loud and the experience of having my cervix dialated we very painful. The machine made an awful sucking sound and I felt sad. All of a sudden everything changed and I was filled with the most all encompassing feeling of love that I have ever known. I felt as if I were witnessing God himself ushering/welcoming that little babys soul back to heaven. It was clear as day to me not as a vision that I saw but as an experience that I felt. The love was completely transformative. My pain was gone and I suddenly felt pure love for the other people in the room. I told them all that I loved them and thanked them for helping me. The operation ended, but that feeling of love, as if a door had opened and I was privvy to Gods love, stayed open for a long time.      ",,U.S.A bor,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Unity,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I had h,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1669,ME ,1211,51,,F,"I was SO comforted, both at the time and later when I found his body. I knew he was loved and safe and free from the struggles of his life here. I learned that there was no judgment of Steve for his life that, from a human perspective, would be considered wasted. The feelings, the awareness, took me far beyond the teachings of my legalistic religious childhood.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Masters,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1670,ADC,1017,25,,F,"In detail, I knew my grandfather was met by relatives, and my grandmother would be too. I wanted to be in communication with her spirit as she went home. I wanted to be with her in her room to give her comfort.  I sat and let the image come, where I could sense her presence in her bedroom at the nursing home and just let her speak to me. I learned that I had indeed inherited something spiritual from my mothers side of the family, and I was full of joy for my Grandmother. She knew and I knew it was very special.    ",,citizen o,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Prefer no,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,separ,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1671,PLR,1194,42,,F,See #43.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",post,Clinica,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1672,DEE,1393,16,,F,"It was pure feeling, I didnt hear or see anything this feeling wrapped right around me like I was beng held, it vibrated through my whole body from feet to head and I felt it with every single cell of my body, then the words filled my core, like I was a stick of rock, they seemed to come vertically through me I could see them and feel them you are special it felt like if you cut me open you would see those words etched onto my insides, the words were huge and I could feel them, I could feel their meaning so powerfully, words fall short of describing it.    ",,Britush,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Child a,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1673,NDE,1324,42,,F,"While unconscious, I was in a greyish muddy area and I was looking out over a lake or a pond or a sea of this greyish muddy stuff and there were these peoples heads bobbing out of the mud. I didnt recognize anyone as they were covered with this muck. It was very unnerving.    ",,citizen o,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,nurse,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
1674,DEE,1183,4,,F,"It was night and I was in bed. I dont recall this part well, but somehow I became aware that my father was not at home. (I was somewhere between 3-5 years old) My father had gone to visit a neighbor two doors down (old Mr Safran) I was a timid child and for some reason I was utterly scared of this neighbor, even though there was no reason to be. He actually was a kindly old gentleman who even remembered the neighborhood children in his will but for whatever reason I was very frightened of him. When I awoke and realized it was (to me at least) late at night and my father was not yet home, I was terrified that Mr Safran had hurt him or killed him. (Again, no reason why I would think this) I was laying in my bed and I was terrified. I dont remember if I was crying, but if I was, it wasnt loud enough for my mother to hear. I was (and still am) the type of person that does not cry out for help. I dont know if I was praying for my father to be ok as I dont remember if I was old enough to have been taught about free-form prayers. Anyway, I felt a warm, comforting, loving presence that assured me everything would be OK. (And of course it was, as my father had never been in any danger whatsoever other than in my mind) It was like being wrapped up in a warm soft blanket of love and happiness. It was so long ago and I was so young that I dont remember anything beyond that but I have never forgotten it either. I did not see or hear anything, it was completely a feeling of love and reassurance.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,none ch,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1675,OBE,1526,13,,F,"First of many. In my bed...falling asleep. I feel like I am in a whirring tunnel. I feel a vibration...I hear a noise that sounds a bit like the noise the Six Million Dollar Man makes when he runs or jumps. I am paralyzed and in terror. Desperate to pull out of it...instead I pull through it and am On the other side. The other side consists of my father and my sister and her friend (all living at this time)My sister and her friend are dressed in doll clothes and wearing doll make-up. Big lashes, red circle cheeks. I am annoyed by them. I wake up then for real. I am alarmed as I realize that cant tell the difference between pulling out (waking up) and pulling through (waking in another dimension). The rest of the night is spent drifting/travelling in and out of these other wordly dimensions with people I know in various educational sketches. I personally know the meanings of many of these scenarios but they are not relevent. so I either wake up to my darkened empty room or wake up on what I now call the other side. This began a basic skill that I accessed many times later throughout my life.    ",,citizen,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,n/a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
1676,ME ,1488,49,,M,"God told me his son died for my sin--honor him. My sins were forgiven. He told me he created me and would one day reclaim me--trust him. I agonized, but submitted. Immediately I heard angels singing; the air smelled sweet. I looked out the window and I could see the molecular structure of everything that was alive. I was weightless. The most astonishing sensation was a feeling of love I had never had before. I couldnt define it or attach words to it and I really didnt want to because I didnt want to tarnish something so pure by putting it in a box.    ",,us citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1677,DEE,1368,41,,F,I had just settled into bed for approx. 15 minutes. My eyes were closed but I was awake. I saw a circle of bright light in the air. There was a male figure behind the light but I do not know who. The light started to dance in a circle. I watched in amazement yet my eyes were still closed. The circle of light began to move. This was my confirmation that I was awake and not dreaming or imagining as my mind went right into I wonder where it is going to go. I was anxious to see where the dancing circle of bright light was moving to. I watched intently. The light moved through my hand that was resting on my husbands stomach/chest and entered into my husband. I was awestruck and began to weep tears of (joy) for a lack of term. I did not tell my husband what I had experienced. The next day we had a scheduled appointment with a marriage counselor. The counselor started as always with Gene how do you feel. His answer confirmed what I had saw the night before. Gene ALWAYS would answer with fine or good. This time is answer was I feel more spiritual. My jaw dropped and I then explained to the counselor and my husband what had happened the night before.    ,,U.S. Citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1678,DEE,1525,23,,F,"Above my bed, I saw three balls/orbs of white light which did not cast light on the rest of the room. I sat up straight in bed and started slapping my face to make sure I was awake. The orbs kept dancing around each other for probably a minute. I did not know what to do so I just watched. I was even more surprised when they started dancing toward the ceiling and then just went through it as if there was no barrier there at all. The balls appeared substantial themselves, so I was quite baffled when they didnt even slow down as they danced through the ceiling.    ",,US    Q.,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,avera,littl,"100,000+",post,Medical,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1679,DEE,1095,61,,F,"I was very concerned about a pending operation and had a 2nd consultation with my surgeon. Previously, when it became clear to me that I needed an operation, I had an inner feeling to look at a local hospital website. I selected this particular surgeon as being most compatible with my needs, and again had an inner feeling that she was right for me.  When we entered the consulting room, a turquoise colour human like shape followed the surgeon. This entity sat beside me during the entire vist as my sugeon described the procedure and aftercare to me. I felt a sense of peace and reassurance from this figure which I would describe as being most likely her guide.     ",,British,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,yoga tu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1680,OBE,1258,20,,M,"I was transported to my friends room at his home in West Lafayette, Ind. I was on the ceiling observing him on a cot below. It was evening. I observed that he was in unusual distress and emotional pain. I immediately found myself praying and interceding for him in an unknown tongue that I did not know. When I awoke back in Tulsa in my dorm room at ORU , I felt the heavy peaceful presence of God upon me and I remembered everything about the encounter.    ",,Citizen o,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1681,NDE,1389,47,,F,see #8    ,,US    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"100,000+",post,psychol,,divor,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1682,NDE,1066,24,,F,"Suddenly I realized that I was someplace other than earth. I was not scared at all. It was dark, but peaceful I felt as if I was being held in the arms of Jesus. I was told (not verbally/audibly, but there was a consious awareness of communication, and understanding, perhaps telepathic) that I was loved. In this darkness I felt every cell of my body bathed in peace and love and comfort. No pain, not a euphoria, but just simply wonderful. It felt so good. But then I realized I had a choice to move forward to (I assumed heaven) or go back to where I had been. As good as this place made me feel, I thought about how cute my new baby sone was and how I wanted to be his mother. As soon as my choice was clear, I felt my self beamed back instantly to the hospital bed. I remember saying to the nurses, Im back. I was too weak to open my eyes, but KNEW I had been elsewhere and now was not only back on earth, but back for a long time.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Recepti,,marri,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1683,OBE,1383,39,,F,Please look under 11.    ,,Swedish.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Medical,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1684,DEE,1283,5,,F,"I was sitting in the bed and from the ceiling where the tile was missing came floating a figure. I immediately knew he was the man in the book at the doctor;s office (the blue bible story books with pictures). I felt instantly connected, fully accepted and total freedom of self. I loved him. As soon as he appeared he was looking at me in a very deliberate but loving way. He floated down to the foot of my bed. He was wearing a tunic that covered his feet. He had a sleeveless tunic over the top of a darker color. He had brown shoulder length hair. He looked just like the picture in the book where the little children were sitting in his lap and he was calling the other. In my room he also had a staff. He paused at the foot of my bed and looked directly at me. I felt with everything inside like nwords its going to be ok. His face was looking at me with the expression of one talking with very important but empathetic words, but he never really actually spoke words nor did his mouth move.When He moved, he did not really walk but moved at ta pace similar to a slow deliberate walk. He was semi-tranparant not really clear but I could alsmost see through him. I could see his features but not the color and detail as if he was an opaque human. I I was estatic that he was there. I felt totally loved, accepted and strangely connected to this man. Nothing in the whole worlds mattered but him at this moment. I did not stop to ponder his words but was happy. I wanted to dance with him. As he paused, I scrambled to get out of the bed. As I grabbed my slippers he headed for the door. I exclaimed, Wait I want to go with you. But he went through the door at that instant. I ran to the door and opened it, but he was gone.    ",,US Reside,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,1st gra,,single,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1685,ME ,1397,25,,M,The pdf I will attach does this.    ,,Native bo,1 mill,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,I was a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1686,DEE,1441,31,,F,see above.    ,,us    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",colle,embroid,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1687,ADC,1438,24,,F,"My friends name was Jimmy and he had committed suicide days before. We met in what I can only describe as the most vibrant and alive meadow I have ever experienced.... I have never experienced such aliveness and vibrancy here on earth. It was just the two of us, but I gathered by some beautiful music/voices I could sense that we were not truly alone. I just remember feeling so happy and connected not only to him, but to everything around us. The flowers were buzzing with aliveness, the grass also and the sky just illuminated such a beautiful color of blue that felt alive in itself. He told me he wanted me to experience what he was getting to experience and to let me know he was happy and at peace and to please tell his parents about our visit and that he was happy and safe.     ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,small b,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1688,DEE,1318,44,,F,I have a website that tells my entire story at http://www.starfish-story.com/    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Junio,Compute,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1689,ADC,1433,22,,F,"I dreamed I went into an art-house movie theater that I liked. I walked down the aisle to sit down, found a seat, and looked over to see my father sitting next to me. I could see every line and detail on his face, so I knew it was him. I was speechless, and excited, and tried to think of something to say. I kind of stammered, did you want to meet my fiance? He said, No I just want to be with you. I felt such peace knowing that he loved me after all.    ",,born citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,working,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1690,ADC,1466,36,,F,the above description pretty well sums it all up.    ,,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,I owned,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1691,DEE,1412,55,,M,See #43.    ,,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Visual,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1692,ADC,1081,46,,F,I have 30 journals with all 285 dreams.    ,,United st,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Junio,Clothin,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1693,DEE,1368,41,,F,I had just settled into bed for approx. 15 minutes. My eyes were closed but I was awake. I saw a circle of bright light in the air. There was a male figure behind the light but I do not know who. The light started to dance in a circle. I watched in amazement yet my eyes were still closed. The circle of light began to move. This was my confirmation that I was awake and not dreaming or imagining as my mind went right into I wonder where it is going to go. I was anxious to see where the dancing circle of bright light was moving to. I watched intently. The light moved through my hand that was resting on my husbands stomach/chest and entered into my husband. I was awestruck and began to weep tears of (joy) for a lack of term. I did not tell my husband what I had experienced. The next day we had a scheduled appointment with a marriage counselor. The counselor started as always with Gene how do you feel. His answer confirmed what I had saw the night before. Gene ALWAYS would answer with fine or good. This time is answer was I feel more spiritual. My jaw dropped and I then explained to the counselor and my husband what had happened the night before.    ,,U.S. Citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1694,NDA,1386,17,,F,"One night, I had a dream. I remember being outside of my grandfather house. Outside of the house was my grandfather. He approached me, and we were happy to see each other. I knew it had been a while since I saw him. And, I also knew that she was currently sick and afraid of him leaving me [to the afterlife]. My grandfather took my hand, and we walked into his house. The view inside the house, during the dream, was identical to his real house. What I found unusual was that all the lights were out except the one straight ahead- his room.  As we proceeded to walk towards his room, he was telling me that things were going to be fine. That, at first, things were going to feel like they are spinning out of control. As if I was standing with my arms out, spinning in circles, losing my balance- THAT type of loss of control. Although I found comfort in his words, I didnt know what he actually meant, until after his death.  When we approached the bedroom door, I could not believe my eyes. In front of me, was a hospital bed and my grandfather was in it! My grandfather was in his bed, facing my direction; he was asleep. Behind him, sitting, was his 2nd wife, his daughter, Lucy, and his son, Danny. To my left [and my grandfathers], sitting on a chair, was my mother. All of them were looking straight at my grandfather. I could not believe that I was in the presence of two grandfathers- and the same one!!  Seeing my grandfather in the hospital bed created a magnetic pull. I could not remove my eyes from him. I had never seen him in such a state. He was always alert, active, and immediately greeting me. This was the first time that I ever saw him so disconnected from everyone else, especially in their presence.  Seeing that there was an empty chair right next to his bed, I immediately sat on it. I felt I was trying to be close to him as I possibly could. This was the man I had loved all my life. He was my father, my comfort, and my strength. I admired this man profusely. And, knowing that I had denied seeing him for so many months, he needed to know I was finally there.  I apologized to him for not being there for when he needed me the most. I told him I was scared of losing him and I was scared that he would pass away once he already saw me. (He had seen every family member, but me. Due to how our relationship was, my withdrawal had shocked everyone. I thought you loved your grandfather, why arent you seeing him? You know that he is dying. Go see him.) Once I finished venting to my grandfather, asking him for forgiveness, his eyes opened. He looked at me. I returned the look. And he closed them again. Right then I knew that I was right. He WAS waiting for me. He wasnt leaving yet because we hadnt said goodbye. And I was the last person that he needed to see. But, I knew that I wasnt ready to let him go. Feeling overwhelmed, I reached out to him. I went for his hand and I grabbed it. It was my first touch with him in months. And once I held his hand, I heard his last breath. I was then informed he died. Everyone around was crying, including myself. With the pain of a broken heart, and having everything feel so real, I immediately woke up from my dream. I woke up sweating and bursting into tears. I could not stop crying. I had felt as if my grandfather had truly passed away.  My mother, who was sleeping next to me at the time (she didnt want to be alone during this moment in her life- being a daddys girl) woke up with fright. She didnt know what happened to me. I relived the dream by telling her every single detail. She reached out to a relative who informed her that my grandfather was still alive. - Exactly one week later, still fearful of my dream, and still avoiding seeing my dying grandfather, my mom informed me that she had just seen my grandfather. She informed me that now it was just a matter of hours or minutes. Without thinking, I immediately got ready. It was probably 10:00-11:00 at night. On my way over there, those fears werent present. But once I walked up to my grandfathers door- all my fears came flooding back. I did not know what to expect. Was my dream just a dream? Or, would it become a reality?? As my mother and I walked in through the door. My heart slumped to the bottom of my stomach. Just like my dream- the house was dark except for the back room- my grandfathers room. I began to experience anxiety. I was praying my steps towards the room would be nothing like my dream. I had so much hope in those few seconds which felt like an hour. When I walked into the bedroom, there he was: my grandfather laying on a bed, facing my direction. Behind him, my 2nd wife, my aunt Lucy, and my uncle Danny. My mother took a seat to my left. And I, I was offered the empty seat next to him. The seat from my dreams!  I had so many thoughts come up. I could not believe that I was r",,US Citize,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,High Sc,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1695,DEE,1008,30,,F,see #43    ,,US citize,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1696,ME ,1284,36,,F,"Synchronicity \xe2\x80\x93 This is my calling\xe2\x80\xa6Why the mental health system is antiquated, and why we need to stop pretending we\xe2\x80\x99re robots in a naturally spiritual world. After years of searching for my life purpose it was handed to me on a plate, quite literally from the Universe straight into my head, like a light bulb suddenly being switched on in a deep dark cave of confusion. Please don\xe2\x80\x99t lose me here, you may be thinking: \xe2\x80\x98so who are you and what do you know about re-evaluating the conceptual framework around mental illness or achieving universal peace?\xe2\x80\x99 That is exactly what I thought when the information came to me; I am no Professor or academic guru. That is the point, this has nothing to do with who I am, I have been given this message to prove that anybody of any intellect or social standing can tap into the psychic realm and see a universal truth; all you have to do is ask the question and then believe in the answer.  I have been told by spirit that the mental health system in our Western society desperately needs modifying in terms of spiritual experience. Mental distress is actually a fallacy of modern society which is ever increasing in line with consumerism and will continue to do so unless we acknowledge the problems we are creating. We must see mental distress of any kind with new eyes if human evolution is going to continue in the way it is meant. Mental distress originates in fear, a fear lodged in our past that we carry with us into the present, and project into the future, a destructive fear from which we can be free, individually, and so, universally. Now here\xe2\x80\x99s the irony:My fear of speaking out about this message and how it came to me \xe2\x80\x93 the message that it is fear that stops mankind achieving mental wellbeing, happiness and fundamentally Universal peace \xe2\x80\x93 nearly stopped me from following my path, after years of searching! I don\xe2\x80\x99t deny that I\xe2\x80\x99m not still scared, but what kind of hypocrite would I be if I were to tell everyone they didn\xe2\x80\x99t need to be scared, if I were too afraid to put my head above the parapet and risk being shot at? Before I had my \xe2\x80\x98experience\xe2\x80\x99 I knew nothing about spirituality, and even less about religion. So what happened was as incredulous to me as what you are going to read may sound to you! I have, however, always had good intuition and a kind of underlying \xe2\x80\x98knowing\xe2\x80\x99 since childhood that I\xe2\x80\x99ve been searching for something that was missing, like I always knew there was another dimension even though society and my education told me otherwise. I was about 12 when I read the book \xe2\x80\x98Utopia\xe2\x80\x99 and to me it was more than just fiction, it was a possibility. Now I don\xe2\x80\x99t just think it\xe2\x80\x99s achievable; I know how. It all happened when I had started to meditate at the same time as thinking more deeply about what to be \xe2\x80\x98mentally ill\xe2\x80\x99 actually means. I\xe2\x80\x99d worked within the field for long enough to know about academic theory; the nature / nurture argument and chemical imbalances. What was the truth? I started to question my own sanity, I have always been very sensitive and emotional; where do you draw the line? I am well aware that by writing this, that by voicing my beliefs that I have channelled a message from the spiritual realm, I could be seen by some working within the mental health field as being deluded or having experienced a psychotic episode. You may choose to believe that this is the rambling of an unstable mind, you may suggest that what I am saying is insane. I, however, now know that the real insanity would be for me to ignore such an important message. If I were to ignore it and deny myself my truth for fear of speaking out against a system, I know that I would become mentally distressed \xe2\x80\x93 and that is also proof enough for me to know that the message I have been given is the truth. Many people who try to speak out about their psychic experiences are told that what they are experiencing is not real; that they are \xe2\x80\x98mad\xe2\x80\x99. So either way, if somebody has a spiritual experience they are more than likely doomed to some form of mental distress, predominantly not from the experience itself, but from either repressing it due to fear, or from believing they are going \xe2\x80\x98mad\xe2\x80\x99 if they do dare to speak out because they are told that what is happening to them isn\xe2\x80\x99t real. The message I was given confirmed all of this. So I had been contemplating the true nature of mental illness, and whether indeed I was mentally unwell, and my brain went into overload so I decided I needed to try to relax. I went into a meditation and what I experi",,British,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,I have,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1697,ME ,1267,7,,F,"I was walking alone in the woods, following an animal trail. I suddenly became hyper-aware of everything around me. I was flooded by an all-pervading presence of light, which left me astutely aware of how everything was connected....One. I saw myself, each step, as impacting everything around me that sent a wave through everything because I was completely connected with everything. With that, I became aware of how carefully I should tread on the trail I was following and that it was my responsibility to take careful steps because life was everywhere. I also suddenly understood how precious and alive everything was and that even inanimate things had a form of consciousness. I continued walking and sat down with my back against a tree. I could feel the pulse of the universe running through everything around me, like a beating heart, but everything was pulsing together at the same time, in unison. Everything was also made of light. I could see with my open eyes, the light that permeated everything around me. I saw the sacredness of the grass, the animals, the trees, the dirt beneath me, the rocks. I felt a profound sense of love. It was a euphoric experience that I remember as clearly as the day it happened almost 50 years ago.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1698,ME ,1190,54,,F,I felt liquid fire at the top of my head which dripped all the way downward to my chest    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Adminis,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1699,ADC,1097,46,,F,"I was asleep, but I was not dreaming. I suddenly knew my dad was there. And he WAS. He was real: this was not a dream. He was healthy and well, and he said, I love you. I couldnt say a word..and then he was gone.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Other,Other,,,never,never,none,very st,"100,000+",some,High sc,,divor,divor,Yes,none,All pleasant,adult
1700,OBE,1039,16,,F,"as described above. I was in the room, hovering, saw the room, floated above body for 2 minutes, crying out in prayer for help. was entirely amazed that the lords prayer did not work.  This proved to me that I did not believe love was stronger than fear. I had been taught too much about hell and that even though I was saved I was not truly spiritually whole. I was a mess. And went into a deep depression.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,highsch,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
1701,ADC,1435,59,,F,"I did not see anything, but had a very strong scent of floral (not sure what type); I had the sense that it was my mothers spirit telling me she was OK after I tried to find the source of the scent. I felt peaceful at this time, but also thought I would like to believe that she was contacting me. I share this with my husband and daughter the next morning (the scent was gone when I woke up in the morning)    ",,citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,researc,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1702,ME ,1512,42,,F,I was feeling overwhelmed with grief and confusion and I said out loud give me a signI kept shouting WHY WHY! And as I started my engine a car pulled up next to me in the empty parking lot. It was a deacon. I jumped out and hugged him tightly and wept as he let me grieve. He was there to get ready for a baptism.I felt very comforted and loved.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Adminis,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1703,ADC,1053,38,,F,"I observed a small native man in his 40s, short hair in a dark blue sleeping bag in my kitchen. I heard my uncle Buds voice and began to fly upwards to the ceiling I felt that if I wanted to, I could go with him, but I didnt know where we were going.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,worked,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1704,ADC,1409,39,,F,"I looked to my right and saw Bob standing there looking just as he always had except that he looked very happy. He looked happier than I had ever seen him in the 13 years we were together. Maybe contented is a better description. We had a conversation. I know we did. But I cant recall a single word. As soon as it was over, I couldnt remember what he said or why he came. All I remember clearly is his smile. What I had thought was a brilliant sun light coming through a window was actually a mist-like energy. He turned and walked into it, becoming part of it. The room returned to normal. I got frightened and wondered what I had just seen. I scooted down under the covers without coving my eyes. I was in total shock. It was real, but what was it? Was it a premonition? Was I supposed to take action? Then I remembered his smile and decided action wasnt necessary. I didnt know what to do but try to forget it and go on. As far as I knew, Bob was fine and living across town.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Associa,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1705,NDE,1491,38,,M,"My best memory is first being in a very dark place as if I was flying down it was very scary and then I heard a very dark un recognizable voice that introduced himself as Lucifer. I was being told all the bad things about hell and I became very stressed and scared when all of a sudden a brigh light appeared along with the most angelic voice I had ever heard I cant explain how comforting the voice was and it spoke to me saying  dont worry you have an angel,at your side I never saw images of either lucifer or the angel just very distinct voices. I felt this unbelievable calmness after this beautiful voice spoke to me I felt in a very timeless place where physical beings were not present I just felt this unconditional love around me. When I awoke from my coma the first thing I said when I could speak was God is a woman I told this to my wife. I then asked her wht happened to me as I could not remember at first why I was in the hospital, the doctors told me I was dreaming and the drugs could cause thse kinds of things but never in my life had I used the word Lucifer or heard such an angelic voice. Ive kept quit about my experience except to my direct family until my wife bought me the proof off heaven book    ",,Current c,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,avera,avera,"100,000+",Did not,Self em,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1706,DEE,1101,54,,F,"In the evening on Friday, after seeing my mother, I went to a small party I promised I would attend. I left the party at 9:30 and came home. As I was getting ready to go to bed, the light was on in my room, and in the outside hallway. My husband was standing on the other side of the bed, and I was planning my day in my head about which florist I would buy the flowers from. Out of the blue- and this is very difficult to describe-there was a presence that looked like the jet stream that comes from a squid. It looked powdery, or liquid, or smokey and was black, and it shot past the door, which had reflected light on it from the hallway. At the very same instant, a voice said to me, you need to let go, your mother is going to die tonight. I was stunned and turned around and put my hands to my face. What was most amazing was the authority that I could hear, but there was no audible voice. The command and presence of this visitor inspired my respect, but I felt its compassion. I tried to understand if it was male or female, and have often thought it might be male, but young. The next morning at 7:00, the board and care contacted me. My mom had died during the night.     ",,U.S. Citi,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,avera,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Adminis,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All distressing,adult
1707,DEE,1264,70,,F,I did this previously in #8. What did I learn? I learned that I can be at peace with what is happening as I experience a myriad of physical changes in my body and the extreme loss of energy that I began experiencing one year ago. I learned that each moment is to be treasured and I can rest easy no matter what happens to my physical body.    ,,Citizen,1 2000,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,Ordaine,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
1708,DEE,1280,56,,F,"During the Sanctus (Holy Holy Holy) I was raised off the floor.  I have been hoping it would happen again, because I was praising God with a huge choir of Angels. realy gave me chills. I have a nice choir @ church, but this was extra special with trumpets blaring and a great choir of ? Angels singing.    ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",Junio,Radiogr,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1709,NDE,1138,34,,F,"As I pondered my situation, I slowly became aware of overwhelming feelings of peace, love, acceptance, and certain knowledge of perfection and purpose. I felt great awe. It quickly became clear to me that the light was the ultimate intellect, love, and creative force. The psychological environment in which I now existed literally permeated around and through me. I knew that Light knew my every nuance, every thought, and every deed. Amazingly, it still loved me, even viewed me with a certain sense of delighted humor. In an odd way the Light was part of me. Yet it was also everything else. As I easily, and happily, settled into this new environment I realized that time and space were very different than what I was used to. I could follow multiple trains of thought and experience in what seemed to be a simultaneous manner. It was akin to how we use time in dreams in that numerous situations were playing out in \xe2\x80\x98no time\xe2\x80\x99. I was luxuriating in the perfection of the situation, while simultaneously making mental notes of my surroundings. At the same time, Light was addressing me thru telepathy and instilling within me what I later called scrolls of knowledge. These scrolls unraveled and revealed information about the true nature of reality. I think that the figurative scrolls were thought forms that existed within Light and Light was mentally pushing them onto my consciousness. I had no idea what they meant, as the ideas and knowledge contained within was light years more complex than I could grasp. I sensed the periphery and intent of the scrolls and knew that it would take eternity to sort it all out. Still, the bit I could sort out made it clear that in the physical dimension we are capable of experience far beyond what we ever imagined. Prior to the NDE I had experienced three enormously frightening out-of-bodies. Frightening because I \xe2\x80\x98caught myself\xe2\x80\x99 in the upper corner of the ceiling, watching myself sleep on each occasion. I did not know what was happening. I had never heard of an out-of-body experience. Now I knew, clearly, that the out-of-bodies were normal, and just the tip of the iceberg of what humans could and should experience. I received, thru telepathically transmitted images and thoughts, a glimpse of the fully developed multi-dimensional being. As I floated within Light, numerous paths of information were being delivered to me. I felt peaceful, and perfect. Suddenly I heard a deep male voice say, \xe2\x80\x9cDo you want to go back?\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cBack?\xe2\x80\x9d I thought, \xe2\x80\x9cback to where?\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cIf you want to go back, concentrate on that noise\xe2\x80\x9d, it said. My thought was NO; I do not want to go anywhere! The thought of leaving this new, yet strangely familiar, environment seemed a travesty. Still for some reason I turned my attention slightly to the left. Far away, as if thru a long train tunnel, I heard a faint noise. As I listened more intently, it got louder. I realized it was my beloved husband Ed. He was screaming my name. The next thing I knew, I was coming to consciousness in my bed. After returning to physicality I felt very lethargic and drifted off to sleep. The NDE remained clear in my mind. I didn\xe2\x80\x99t know what it was, having never heard of an NDE, but I knew it was real. The next day Ed phoned me at work and said he had scheduled an appointment with my doctor, and was coming over to take me to it. At the doctor\xe2\x80\x99s office he said I had been having some sort of seizure that did not involve convulsions. It was more like a dead person. He said my body had seized up like it was frozen and my eyes had rolled back in my head. He hadn\xe2\x80\x99t told me until now, as he did not want to scare me. I thought I had just lost consciousness.     ",,USA citiz,"251,00",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,Account,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1710,NDE,1344,23,,F,"After i was in the white space for what seemed a very long time i was suddenly sucked into a tunnel and the sides of it reminded me of the inside of an ocean wave. At the end of it there was an incredible bright light. I went to the light and i wanted to stay there. It was warm ,safe and nothing hurt.i never ever wanted to leave. Then i felt the voice say its not your time yet so i had to go crashing back.I was very sad to leave but my comforting thought was that at least i never ever have to doubt Gods presence because I know now he exists.    ",,Dual Citi,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,TA in g,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1711,ME ,1419,39,,M,    ,,Just a ci,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,never,seldom,avera,littl,"100,000+",maste,Manager,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1712,ADC,1435,59,,F,"I did not see anything, but had a very strong scent of floral (not sure what type); I had the sense that it was my mothers spirit telling me she was OK after I tried to find the source of the scent. I felt peaceful at this time, but also thought I would like to believe that she was contacting me. I share this with my husband and daughter the next morning (the scent was gone when I woke up in the morning)    ",,citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,researc,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1713,PLR,1006,31,,F,"I was meditating, as I had done hundreds of times before. All of the sudden, I had an experience that felt like a past-life experience. First, you should know that I am a petite female (52, very slender). But in my meditation, all of the sudden I was sitting on a horse and it was sometime around the 10th or 12th century. I was a large man. I could feel my heft. I was wearing a helmet and some kind of armor and vest that had a chain design of some sort. It was heavy.  I had just returned from war. I was going home to my wife and children. I was sitting on my horse, on a hill, looking down at the house towards the right. It was a very long single story house that had a series of very small windows that ran horizontally across the house, and it had a dark roof that looked like it was made of straw or some textured material. It was a dark color and I could see lights from candles inside the house. I knew my wife and children were in there, waiting for my return. I sat and looked at the house and had a feeling of sadness. I was happy to be home but I felt that this life was so hard, war was so hard. It was just a feeling of life being a burden, and feeling sad about all of it. The house was down towards my right, below the hill, and if I looked to my left I could see a harbor which is where I had some from. There were boats. I remember that it was very cold. And I remember that I could feel my heft. Like I could actually feel what it felt like to be that large. I knew what the name of the harbor was. Then all of the sudden I was standing on something that is hard to describe it was like a wooden platform or large wood cart with wheels and it was being pulled by horses. I was standing on it and holding the reigns while the horses pulled this thing I was standing on. We were entering a castle. I worked at the castle. I was some kind of fighter. And then I came up out of my meditation.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,never,never,avera,very st,"0 24,999",docto,Graduat,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1714,DEE,1534,57,,M,No noise. I was fortunate to have a first hand experience that strengthened my faith in things beyond the physical world.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Tree se,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1715,DEE,1540,47,,F,"I lost my father to lung cancer in December 2015. My dad was one of the two people I love more in the world. The experience was tearing, painful beyond words, also due the feeling of being abandoned in the hospice with my dad by the rest of the family, who I felt like they just wanted to get it done and over with. I have never felt more lost, alone and helpless in my life and I could not understand how this could be happening to a loving person like my dad. About 6 months later something very unique happened to me and I still can not make sense of it. I know I had been thinking about my dad that morning, desperately asking him to let me know if he was ok, like I was doing almost every day. I was standing in front of the mirror getting ready for work when I realized that I could see clearly only directly in front of me, while to both sides reality appeared to be melting into some sort of vertical waves. I had the strong feeling of some sort of presence, but at the same time I was getting increasingly scared that something was seriously wrong with me. The experience must have lasted more than 20 seconds, but this is just a guess. As I turned around to go downstairs to ask for help my vision and the room went back to normal. I now wish I did not get so worried because by doing so I might have stopped the experience. Since then I have tried many times to bring back those moments as I really would like to know what all of that was, but with no success. I have read many STE but I have not found anything similar to what I have experienced. I know that whatever it was it was real and I have not imagined it. If anybody has any idea of the significance of my experience I would be extremely grateful if they could get in contact with me to help me understand what happened that day. Thank you.     ",,Italian,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"0 24,999",some,self em,,marri,marri,Unc,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1716,OBE,1340,20,,F,"I think I pretty much covered it above. There was no other person involved other than the driver of the other car who I did not see. As it was happening, I felt calm. Afterwards, I was shaken. I only saw myself a profile of my face calmly driving the car no hint of the desperate situation I was in.  In hindsight, I feel that there was devine intervention that my guardian angel protected me and got me out of that dangerous situation.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,College,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1717,ME ,1462,23,,M,"Floating in an erect and body as light air: As I was walking, I became aware of a strangely subtle force coming over me. I felt a kind of vibration starting to run up through my body. It was soft at first, then became more pronounced as time went on. I felt the top of my head being pulled straight up while at the same time, my hips were being pulled downward into the earth. It felt as though I was being supported by a bolt of energy that literally ran through my body. The energy expanded from above me and from down below at the same time. My posture became very straight and It felt as though I was floating and weightless within it. I was surprised at how effortless it was to be so light and erect. It reminded me of the description a Tai Chi teacher once gave me of how to stand correctly, as if heaven were pulling me upwards by the top of my head and earth pulling me downwards from somewhere near the prostrate.  Effortless Breathing  Breathing became deep, light and effortless. I found myself witnessing each breath without the experience of guilt or anxiety resisting each in or exhale. All the usual tension in my solar plexus, tightness in my diagram and tension in my lungs had vanished. Breathing became a brand new experience for me, where I was able to take very satisfying and refreshing breaths.I marveled at what was happening to me, It felt wonderful to feel so free and light on the earth in my body. After time it occurred to me that this experience surely couldnt last very long because it felt so wonderful. I waited a while to see if it would leave. I waited for the familiar tension, anxiety, the heaviness of the body and breath to return. After a very short time, I let go and allowed the wonderful experience to guide me. Where did the mind go? As I surrendered more to the experience I became aware that thoughts werent being created on the fly, I had them, but I was creating them when needed and by choice, by powerful choice, they werent free floating and coming out of no where and they certainly werent attacking me. It was like the experiences of floating lightly within my body that had a very erect posture or breathing unburdened by guilt, anxiety, depression, anger, self hatred, self judgement. Now I was experiencing emptiness where 100s of thoughts per seconds should have been. The triad of experiences was connected together and created a sense of great joy, understanding and freedom. Freeing because I had always known myself to be what my thoughts told me I was, and here, those thoughts not existing at all, it was a beautiful realization that I still lived on without them. With the mind being opaque, its opinions laid to rest, the veil of ignorance lifted and laid bare, the truth stood squarely in my face, It was awe inspiring it was beautiful, it was more than joyful. There was no doubt about It. It became clear to me that the mind was not all powerful, all knowing or omnipotent, but rather a mirage that wasnt there when looked at from the side of truth. The truth not only showed what the I was part of, bliss, freedom, love, oneness with all, but at the same time, what I have never been; body, guilty and deserving of punishment, hatred, shame, terror and death. The mind was impotent and could not stand its ground when directly facing the truth. Experiencing truth was the most joyous, romantic and blissful experience. I was free from the slavery of illusion, free to experience the reality of my being, free to love and be loved solely because I was.  How could my past vanish without sins being accounted for? I pondered the implications of how such a ferociously powerful mind grasping into every part of my being every second of my life could have been tossed aside into non existence so matter of faculty. All that I had known myself to be was born out of the abuse and abandonment by my parents. Guilt, anxiety, self hatred, fear\xe2\x80\xa6 they had been my family in the absence of a family, all gone in a flash. How could it be that all sins were forgiven just like that as if thered never been a past me? What did this mean about my reality? Then it occurred to me, for the first time in my life, I was awake. I had never experienced being awake like this. By realizing that I was awake, I could see how I had been dreaming. Truth was showing me that the mind had been lulling me into an non ending dream state with all of its endless thoughts. I had simply awoken from a dream of guilt and shame, terror and death and saw that I had been dreaming. Being able to tell the difference between a dream and being awake is the truth, it is everything, all doubt vanishes. It is easy to tell one has been dreaming when one is awake and therefor no the difference between dreaming and experiencing the truth. For an instant, I felt a deep sadness that I had treated God with such d",,USA    Q.,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,weekly,never,avera,none,"0 24,999",Some,Ive had,,single,marri,Unc,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1718,ME ,1554,39,,M,I realized my nature isn&#180;t n the field of thoughts    ,,Spanish,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",post,Medical,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1719,ME ,1032,20,,F,"Within 48 hours from the time my letter was hand delivered to Harry by my father, I was flying! I had abundant energy which was a very new feeling for me. I had a tingling sensation in my right side by the liver and I was emotionally uplifted. I knew that something I could not see was helping me more than any medical treatment or doctor had ever done for me.    ",,I am a US,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",docto,I had j,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1720,ADC,1080,45,,F,The woman had just had a reading from the psychic and was complaining that the psychic had not communicated with the womans father who had died recently and she was disappointed. Even though I had been psychic myself for many years I didnt event think it was possible for a psychic to communicate with those who had passed. Immediately after I had that thought I saw the womans father standing next to her. He looked at me smiling and told me telepathically that he loved his daughter and would always be with her. He had one hand on her shoulder and the other on her hands which were folded in her lap.    ,,Citizen,1 mill,atheist,atheist,Jewish,Unaffilia,,,never,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,Marriag,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1721,DEE,1518,31,,F,"I was sleeping in my bed when I woke up in the middle of the night with a huge feeling of being filled with love in my heart for St. Michael the archangel. I felt like I was in love with him and it was strange because I never had felt that way before, but it was beautiful.    ",,Been a ci,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",Some,I worke,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1722,ADC,1428,47,,F,"My father came to me in a dream that night. I dont remember if I saw him but I remember him telling me, Get a sledge hammer and give the drum a good knock and it will pop off there. My father was a mechanic and an electrician and I was his family helper with mechanics. He was also a man of few words, so our conversation didnt go beyond that from my recollection.    ",,USA Citiz,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Buddhist,,,seld,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",maste,Masters,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1723,ME ,1221,69,,F,"This mist continued to fill my hallway each night until on the 4th night I asked outloud, please show yourself to me, tell me who you are.  In my doorway midway down vertically and completely across the doorway horizontally appeared a band of shimmering, satiny white light which proceeded to make an arch like a path to the end of my bed where it stopped. The light was just as wide as the footboard of the bed in which I sleep.  I heard nothing, I smelt nothing and the light remained only seconds at the foot of my bed.    ",,citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Ordaine,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1724,DEE,1300,23,,M,"My fathers office was divided into two spaces--a 2nd floor front office where he worked (with large windows overlooking the street below and surrounded by several multi-story apartment buildings), and the back office--a large bright kitchen/lounge area (illuminated by skylights)--connected to the front via a private 20 foot corridor. As soon as I arrived and handed my father the story, I felt that same strange feeling in my heart like I had felt a year earlier--the feeling that compelled me to pray. Not wishing a repeat of what happened a year earlier (see my other DEE entry)--I excused myself, telling my father I would wait in the back lounge while he read. My father wasnt spiritual or religious, and I was embarrassed that I suddenly felt a strange urge to pray. I entered the back lounge, and shut the door. I then got down on my knees and bowed y head to the floor for the first time in my life. And I suddenly started to weep. Like, uncontrollably sob. And words came out of my mouth that werent words from conscious intention. I was baffled to hear myself speaking the words. Why are we so bad? Why are we so bad? You have to understand,I didnt have a bad bone in my body. I was kind, and sensitive, and yet, these words were flowing from my mouth. And I felt such deep deep shame. Moments later, however, I felt a hand press down on the small of my back. I tried to left my head up to see who was there, but like my hands suck together in the previous DEE, this time my whole body was stuck to the floor. Quite literally, I was pinned there and couldnt move. Before I had a chance to be afraid, however, I suddenly felt two firm hands grasp my head, lift it off the floor, and turn it to the right. And there, beside me, was a fully manifested Celestial Being, kneeling on the floor beside me and looking compassionately into my eyes. As I previously wrote, my family wasnt religious, and I had no knowledge of religion at all. However, I immediately knew this Celestial Being was Jesus like I had known him my whole life. He was bearded, and wearing simple robes. (I no longer remember the color of the robes or the color of his eyes--I was too astonished that he was there in the room with me.) His eyes were mesmerizing--I was literally transfixed by his gaze. Where I had been sobbing moments earlier, and feeling deep shame, I suddenly felt the most incredible all-encompassing feeling of unconditional love. I wasnt scared. I was in bliss. And there wasnt anything I needed to ask. I felt as if I knew everything, as if I was everything, as if I was the Love itself. And a message was transmitted to me with this Love. You are loved. You are forgiven. You are respected. You are accepted. You are special and you are important. You are cared for, and everything is perfect. All of this transpired in a matter of seconds, and then Jesus bowed his head to the floor and prayed. And the hands that had moved my head to see Jesus, turned my head back to the floor, and continued to hold me there. The next thing I remember, my father opened the door and asked me if I was okay. No, I said. Im pinned to the floor. Please call Mom. While my father went back to the front office (there was no phone in the lounge), my experience suddenly changed dramatically. I was suddenly hearing sounds that were loud and clear and very real, but very distressing. The sounds were of emergency sirens, gunfire, and women shrieking in terror. At the same time, in my minds eye, I could see the major urban intersection near my fathers office with windows all blown out, burned out shells of cars in the street, and snipers scurrying in the shadows. I thought I was being shown a vision of the end of the world, but when I asked if that is what this was, there were no answers. Moments later, my father returned, and I found that I was able to get up off the floor. My mother was on the phone and wanted to speak with me, so I headed to the front office. However, as soon as I walked into the office and saw the large picture windows, I was immediately stricken with the most intense paranoia. I collapsed to the floor, certain that I was going to get shot by a sniper (probably connected to the frightening vision I had moments earlier). Long story not as long, this paranoia lasted another half hour or so during which time my father managed to get me into his car and drive me to his house (my old family house where the previously reported DEE took place). Once I got home, and was under the care of my mother, the paranoia dissipated. However, it transformed into a mania that lasted for another 40 hours or so, during which time I believed I knew everything about everything, wrote many things about God and life, and couldnt sleep. Finally, after about 40 hours, I crashed and slept for 16 hours. When I woke up, I was back to my normal self agai",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",some,Freelan,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1725,OBE,1383,39,,F,Please look under 11.    ,,Swedish.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Medical,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1726,ME ,1459,21,,M,"I pretty much did above. What I learned was that true Love is expressed as a gift from God. I have had many even more intense experiences since than. Some lasting for over a week, with angels, and engtering a mystical yet very natural at home realm. Being more real than reality!    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,dail,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,College,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1727,OBE,1184,23,,F,"Please see above for details. I observed my body floating. When I would first know I was about to travel outside my body I would hear a humming sound. When evil came to me it would come in a buzzing sound and I would feel something biting at my back. I saw my husband once in an earlier life form. I think weve always been together. And, my most enduring memory which I can still feel somewhere deep inside is the presence of absolute goodness and love...God.    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,undec,very st,"100,000+",colle,governm,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1728,OBE,1217,30,,F,see above    ,,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Marriot,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1729,ME ,1303,54,,F,"Through hypnosis is how I have been able to get back in touch with the other side or other dimension. I have had amazing experiences. From Past Lives that I can verify to meeting with my Spirit Guide and the Masters. I have been able to have access to my soul on the other side or in the Astral. It is like an orb. When I touch it I feel complete and whole. What is neat is that I can feel and see the souls of all my family and friends there also even though they are still alive here. I have also talked to deceased family members. The place is so beautiful. Flowers, gardens, fountains, temples, streams. Beings of light in different colors. It is beyond anything that words can begin to describe.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Registe,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1730,ME ,1112,58,,F,"As my partner progressed through the passes over my chakras, I began to experience a floating sensation and a feeling of being drawn out of my body through the top of my head. I was not afraid, and thought to myself, I dont think Im dying, but perhaps this is what the Catholic church means by the grace of a happy death. As this sensation of leaving my body progressed, I had a deep sense of safety, of being loved, both intimately and objectively. I felt that I was loved because I both part of creation and creation itself-unique, yet indivisible. Writing about it now, in this moment, brings tears to my eyes.    ",,American,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Occupat,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1731,ADC,1460,50,,F,"In my dream, a woman was sitting on the floor. She appeared to be around late 60s/ early 70s. She was naked, sitting with her back to me initially and appeared to have burns over her body. She turned her head around and she had the face of one of my physiotherapy clients. At the same time I knew this woman wasnt my client, but I knew that by seeing the face of my client, that my friend knew this woman. I asked this woman her name and she said Beth. We then had a telepathic conversation in which she told me she was scared of passing over. She was scared of being burned, of going to Hell.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Physiot,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1732,ME ,1231,2,,F,"First, you must understand that my memory is remarkable. Although not purely photographic, the depth and breadth of my abilities are pretty striking. I remember almost everything going back to this experience. Thats what makes it stick out so much to me. My human consciousness takes me back to this day and there is literally nothing in my memories before it. There is not trauma, no injury, no conceivable explanation for that absence. With that, the STE starts with me floating in the universe. Im very calm and have absolutely no concerns or preconceived notions about where Im going. All there is was the sudden realization that I exist. As I float, I can see earth getting closer. I start to fall through the atmosphere, the clouds, etc. but the experience is not frightening at all. I see things start to form on the ground, like roadways and towns. I see what would be my small town, circle terrace, the top of a bunch of houses, etc. as I continue my downward movement. Just as I get ready to hit the roof of our house, my eyes open in my bedroom. Thus begins my consciousness, my memories, and my life on this planet.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1733,ME ,1102,20,,F,"I felt the calm and reassuring presence of God. I did not actually see the Lord, but I felt a peace and calmness come over me, and I knew I should go ahead with my plans to try to go to medical school    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",docto,high sc,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1734,NDE,1337,49,,F,"I was made fun of by my abusers the second time, they were flashing a white light towards me telling me to die and go to heaven. It was hard to distinguish this from being real or unreal. Fortunately where I was dying I was able to pull my body away from this. For the most part the time, 2nd episode, I was there but completely out of touch with my body. At times I could hear talking and knew what was going on. I was so out of touch with any element around me. In 1990, I could feel the sharpness of the knife and a very long tube that was forced down my throat and the horrible pain of the scratching. I couldnt seem to come out of the anesthesia and would have died if the doctor didnt yell to me. My head came up off the table and back down again at that time.    ",,United St,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Executi,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1735,ADC,1343,52,,M,    ,,citizen,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Truckdr,,divor,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1736,OBE,1410,22,,F,"It really happened very very quickly. One minute I was watching tv and then I believe I had fallen asleep. All of a sudden I felt myself come out of my body and in a flash, my spirit, or whatever you want to call it, was out of my body, across the room, in front of the television. I saw the television and then I was just there, right in front of it. It was still on but I cant recall what was showing at the time this happened, I just know it was on and I could see it. I remember feeling this amazing sense of freedom and that I could go anywhere I wanted, as quickly as I wanted. I looked at the hotel room door and thought to myself, I want to go out there, see how far I can go like this. It was a very very pleasant and unbelievably exciting feeling, but I was also scared.  In that instant while I was looking at the door thinking about going further, reveling in this sense of freedom, speed and excitement, I suddenly I heard a voice (it wasnt a voice like we speak in the literal world, it was a voice that I could identify as male, I think, but instead of speaking out loud, it was like a knowledge in my head. Its hard to convey this correctly) saying If you want this to stop, you have to wake up now. I heard it and was still looking at the door. The voice/knowledge again said Sally, if you want this to stop you have to wake up NOW! with heavy heavy emphasis on the word NOW.  This time I listened and the next thing I knew, I was back in my body, sitting up and sucking in a HUGE gulp of air as if I hadnt taken a breath in a very long time, the same way you would if you were holding your breath under water for as long as you could stand and then surfaced. I was so scared of what I had just experienced I ran to the min-refrigerator, grabbed one of the beers from the six pack i had bought earlier, along with my cigarettes, and went outside where I drank the entire beer and smoked probably 4 cigarettes in a row. I was TERRIFIED to go back to sleep. I truly felt like I was going crazy and imagining what had just happened to me. When I finally went back to my room I stayed up as long as I could because I was afraid to go back to sleep and that it would happen again. At the time, I didnt want it to happen ever again. I finally did go back to sleep and slept peacefully the remaining few hours I had left before my flight. It has never happened to me again. I will be 40 this September, so its been almost 18 years since this happened and it has never happened to me again.    ",,US    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,moder,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Active,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1737,ME ,1312,17,,M,"I found the mix of the music and the painting realy amazing. Suddenly, I had a flash : all the universe unfold before my eyes, and it seemed as if i understood clearly and deeply all the meaning of life and the purpose of everything. I saw galaxies floating in the whole universe, travelled through lights of incedible intelligence, received answers to a lot of unasked questions, as if i entered a huge multidimensional universe. This epiphany last less than 5 minutes, but i stood hang up for a few month after then. It is still very clear in my mind, and was the start of a quest that is still going on.    ",,?    Q.,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1738,PLR,1199,37,,M,"When I looked at the map, it took me to India. Now, it is important to know that I had NEVER studied anything about India or its culture up to this point, even though I have always cooked with their spices, been attracted to their clothing, and always felt drawn to learning Ayurveda.  On the map of India, it drew me to an area called Gujarat (again, I had never heard of this place, but when I googled it, it was exactly where I was shown on the map). Making things more interesting, one of my spirit guides is named Ajwa, and there are streets and parks in Gujarat named Ajwa.  The next thing I knew, I was mentally whisked to a beautiful area, and to a house where I lived with my mother and father. At first it was nice and peaceful and I felt at home. I was female and in brightly colored clothes that I loved. I remember the area was so green and lush. My mother and father there were my brother and wife in this life. This was the mid 1800s, and the British military were there.  They came in the night and took my mother away to rape and kill her. I remember the panic I felt knowing I would never see her again. What is really interesting is that prior to this event, I was always terrified of my wife getting kidnapped and killed. Since this event, I have no fear because I know it is left over from India. Anyway, the English soldiers came back the next day and burned our village. I was raped and my nipples cut off. I remember being held down in one of the buildings, like a stable, as others looked on. Interestingly, I have a birthmark under one of my nipples, and I have always hated having them touched. I was then killed...    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Chiropr,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1739,DEE,1189,59,,F,I felt safe and love. Heard nothing just time stood still. I had never seen the girl in my life and didnt know anyone in the area. It has been 5 1/2 years and God is good.    ,,American,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Employe,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1740,OBE,1340,20,,F,"I think I pretty much covered it above. There was no other person involved other than the driver of the other car who I did not see. As it was happening, I felt calm. Afterwards, I was shaken. I only saw myself a profile of my face calmly driving the car no hint of the desperate situation I was in.  In hindsight, I feel that there was devine intervention that my guardian angel protected me and got me out of that dangerous situation.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,College,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1741,ADC,1377,51,,M,This is the actual text message I sent Subject: Message from Mum Hi Lone Im just awake and have just finished relaying to Sue a dream I have just finished having about an hour ago. This was unlike ANYTHING I have ever experienced in my life and I guess u may believe what Im about to say or not then thats fine. It was a message from Mum for me and us all. Ill try to describe it but the detail was as good if not better than real life. Ok this is what I was shown and told by Mum mainly. Others I saw were Dad and you. Everyone is happy and come and go busy doing exactly what they want in real life just the same. Same voices same mannerisms and smiling. As you think of some one some place or some thing it materialises and its there for you to touch use and even the smells are the same. The detail blew me away as Mum walked me from room to room by my arm and showed me that her home is still alive and well and shes home living there with all her gear pictures everything. I saw the laundry all full. I gave Mum a big kiss and she was happy to see me and have me visit. Each room was perfect right down to the wood grain on the cupboard doors and wardrobes. It was clearer than I can even remember now. I could touch and feel everything. I said can I look in the huts and I did opening the door and checking both out. The smell was the same lol. They were full of junk And I said to Mum how come and she said we keep all the extra gear in there because us kids arnt there. When I was inside the house if I concentrated real hard I could almost see the burnt walls and floors like a shadow or silhouette but Mum said to me firmly with a serious look on her face that she is NOT going to allow me to see that and it vanished. She said that our home exists in two different places at once. Its like one place is on 92fm and her place is 102fm. They share the same place or space but out of tune so u dont see the other. Anyway we had visitors come and go with cups of tea. Dad arrived in from up the farm smiling and whistling. You arrived for a visit and chat also happy and smiling. Everything coming and going as I thought of them. When I was in Mums old bedroom with the built in mirror I tried to look at myself but when I did I was like a ghost. Very faint and just a shape. And yet I could see the bloody grain in the varnished doors right beside. We went to the A&amp;P show and there were not many people there but it was on. What happens is only the people you knew and think about come through. This explains how in the spirit world its not jammed packed with every person who has passed on just your loved ones and friends coming and going like real life. Ok back home again and Muns really young and beautiful probably in her twenties. See they can appear as any age they want. I knew it was mum. I swung her around then she fell over a chair laughing. I had tea with Mum and now the afternoon was getting darker it was time for me to go. I have her a big hug and began to cry with joy. I knew I was experiencing a dream but it was much too real for just a memory and I could ask questions. I thought I would wake Sue with my crying but I went back to Mum. She smiled and said she is happy and well and not to fear. I asked her if I could come and visit her again but she got serious again and said no but she will think about it. I said how about once a week and I begged her but she smiled and said maybe. Oh well I thought. I walked out the gate and some guys standing on the driveway who looked like Eddie yates. He was wearing a parka and there was a farm implement behind him. I said to him who are you ? and he told me his name. Random spirits appear too and he was out the gate and seemed to be waiting for Dad to come out to see him. I hopped into my car yes u can drive in the afterlife but its cool . You dont have miles of boring nothingness. Next second Im on my way home to Hokitika and I stop in a town. I got out at a park and some guys sitting there in his car with his mouth wide open looking at me. I said what are u looking at ? He says you are bloody flying and floating up in the air. I said so ... You can too come on up so he hops out and flies up to me. He was hopeless and tumbled over. I laughed. Then I awoke in bed at home with tears running down my cheeks and so bloody happy I had to wake Sue and relay this story. It was not a dream but was a real experience. It was like a near death experience without the death. I could see anything I wanted and ask questions at will. I feel a lot more content about home and Mum and I have been shown a glimpse of heaven. It was SOOO nice I can see why Mum is restricting my return. If u stay and dont go back you die and its not my time. But we are allowed to visit but only when our loved ones allow us. I hope this makes sense and I was pleased to see you there too,,New Zeala,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Vehicle,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1742,ADC,1408,49,,M,"I was drifting off to sleep, somewhat melancholy, because I had been thinking of my brother, who passed away in 1994. He was my younger brother. My wife was out of town, taking care of her terminally ill mother in her final days. It was a time of sadness and raw emotion. As I lay in bed, finally relaxing and beginning to drift towards sleep, I felt a presence fill the room. An overwhelming feeling of love filled me. It was love in a fullness like I had never experienced. At the same time, the room seemed to fill with a fragrance that was undeniably my father. It was the smell of his clean, fresh laundered shirts. It was the fragrance that I most associated with him. This feeling went on for a period of time, but I dont know how much time elapsed. It did not just come and go though, it persisted long enough for me to realize that I was experiencing something very special.    ",,U.S. Citi,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Systems,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1743,DEE,1319,51,,F,"I awoke at 2:00 a.m. and noticed a dim light that appeared to be emanating from the wall in the hallway. I thought that was odd, as all the lights in our apartment were turned off and my husband was asleep in the living room. I sat up in bed to get a closer look when I saw two images very clearly displayed on the hallway wall, which appeared in the center of that dim light. They were two shadows, one in the shape of a butterfly and one in the shape of a dove. They were quite detailed. The butterfly, for example, had the veins in its wings prominently outlined as if it were made of stained glass- but it was a shadow, in black and white. The dove also appeared to resemble an image you might see on stained glass, only black and white. I sat up further and spoke out loud to myself: I am awake. This is real. What I am seeing is real... Then, the butterflys wings began to move and it flew up the wall and to the ceiling, where it disappeared. Next, the doves wings began to flutter, and it also moved up toward the ceiling and disappeared. I had the intense impression that this was a sign that I had moved in a positive spiritual direction that day, by having that talk earlier with my husband in which I opened up about myself. I felt very, very happy. Not ecstatic, just happy. I remember smiling intensely before going back to sleep.    ",,US    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,weekly,seldom,moder,littl,"100,000+",maste,Speech-,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1744,ME ,1437,49,,F,"On meeting one of their friends I became aware of a feeling of joy, exhilaration, expansion and enthusiasm of which I had never felt before. We then met at the dinner table in which he sat opposite me. I was aware of an attraction but also of a repulsion for him. I spent the time avoiding eye contact with him but then a magnetic pull of my eyes drew them up to look at him directly. Time then stood still! I felt like I had arrived home. A spontaneous smile appeared on my face and we looked into each other for what seemed like forever. I then looked away. Next morning I avoided him as I felt he was really dangerous.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Compute,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1745,OBE,1148,62,,M,It was as I described above. Im not sure what I learned except that it was so real and I know that consciousness can survive outside my body.    ,,US Citize,2001 2,atheist,agnostic,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,moder,none,"50,000 99",maste,Retired,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1746,ADC,1408,49,,M,"I was drifting off to sleep, somewhat melancholy, because I had been thinking of my brother, who passed away in 1994. He was my younger brother. My wife was out of town, taking care of her terminally ill mother in her final days. It was a time of sadness and raw emotion. As I lay in bed, finally relaxing and beginning to drift towards sleep, I felt a presence fill the room. An overwhelming feeling of love filled me. It was love in a fullness like I had never experienced. At the same time, the room seemed to fill with a fragrance that was undeniably my father. It was the smell of his clean, fresh laundered shirts. It was the fragrance that I most associated with him. This feeling went on for a period of time, but I dont know how much time elapsed. It did not just come and go though, it persisted long enough for me to realize that I was experiencing something very special.    ",,U.S. Citi,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Systems,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1747,ADC,1529,65,,F,See above. The feeling afterwards was one of contentment and knowledge that he will always be with me.    ,,Citizen,"50,000",atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Homemak,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1748,DEE,1520,49,,M,"I had recently stopped drinking alcohol after 29 years of habitual and heavy drinking. My partner at the time was engaged in guided meditation and spiritual connection and growth. She convinced me to look to meditation and I discovered that I could use the pendulum quite successfully. I began to work very hard at the spiritual connection that I was forming. After a period of time i was able to hear messages and feel spiritual presence.I was shown the different spheres and told of the existence of other worlds and other dimensions. I had come to a point in my life where change was necessary. God had played a major part in my life until age 13....I felt divorced from him at age 49 and quite spiritually, emotionally and physically lost. In these early days of my transformation i was meditating and the room was flooded with a beautiful golden light. I felt myself being lifted from the chair....tears streamed down my face and the overwhelming message was to love God. From this point I began to understand that love was the key to change albeit with a great deal of hard personal work.    ",,I am an A,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Student,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1749,ADC,1118,40,,F,    ,,citizen U,"251,00",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",Did not,housewi,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1750,NDE,1415,3,,F,The eyes in the tunnel kind of scared me and the singing was weird and scary. But the warm breeze going thru me like I was made of smoke was so warm and smart. Filled with so much knowledge and more love than the earth can know.    ,,USA    Q.,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Toddler,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1751,ADC,1173,34,,F,"Sunday morning at a local antique car show with my family I was overcome by a message in my head from a grandmotherly voice. You can eat less, you will still be fed. You dont have to fear not being fed, it is a different time now. I knew pretty quickly that the message was for the intuitive. However, I did not want to pass on the message. As a psychiatrist I was keenly aware that such a message could be exceedingly destructive to a person with a history of an eating disorder. I resisted the STE...this only made the message louder and more difficult to ignore. It repeated not only in my head but in my body, insistent. I felt myself becoming rapidly ill. My body ached as though I had the flu. Within 30 minutes I had to leave my family at the antique care show and go home. At home I tried vainly to ignore the pounding message and sleep to no avail. Finally in desperation I said aloud okay, already, Ill tell her. I sent the intuitive an email explaining the situation and while I had extreme doubts about the social moire and the professional impropriety of my action, as soon as I sent the email I was flooded with relief. The flu-like symptoms and the message vanished. I crawled to bed and slept deeply for several hours until my family returned (as I have never done before.) It was several days before the intuitive finally contacted me and told me that she had prayed to her grandmother the friday before I met her asking desperately for help with her weight gain. The intuitive was perplexed that she normally receives insights for her clients, yet here was a straight-laced ivy league educated physician being contacted by her grandmother with literally the answer to her prayers. When I saw the same intuitive two years later for a brief ten minutes, she revealed that the message had quite literally changed her life. Specifically she had been able to return to her typical body weight easily and without dieting and maintained it for the intervening time. Secondly she had secured a new job and a book deal where my message to her was the climax of her autobiographical book!    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",post,Physici,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1752,SDE,1277,62,,F,"I was attending a morning funeral of my Bible Study leader, a very kind man named David C., on Saturday, March 15, 2008 at the Trinity Episcopal Church in New York. The large church was packed, as David was much beloved. He was a top executive at Citibank and many co-workers were there. David was a fairly young man at 50 when he passed suddenly of a massive heart attack while he was working out before work at his local gym. While sitting in the church listening to Davids eulogies, his beloved friend and pastor (forgot his name) got up to speak at the front of the church, with Davids coffin near him. I suddenly looked up and midway between the peoples heads and the high ceiling, I saw something that looked different. It was air. Normally, you do not see air but I saw an oval-shaped, contained body of wavy air about 6-7 feet long, hovering near the front of the church where the people were sitting. The wavy air didnt move from its position. It didnt go up or down or right or left. I didnt hear anything, taste anything or touch anything while looking at this image. I just saw it. I didnt feel anything in particular. I just stared at it, without feeling, which is how I usually react when Im witnessing a miracle or something spiritual from God. At some point I stopped looking at it, probably when the funeral was over. In the next day or two I thought about the contained body of wavy air and then I knew that was Davids spirit or soul watching his own funeral, wanting to be there with his beloved wife, sons, family, friends and co-workers. I sent an email to everyone I knew at the funeral to tell them that Davids soul was present with us at his funeral. I hand wrote a note to Davids widow, Cathy, to tell her that David was with her and their sons at his funeral. No one responded to my mail. What the viewing of the wavy air told me was that the Soul and/or Spirit is real. I saw it with my own eyes. Also, that we humans dont really die, we pass on. Yes, our bodies die but our souls are then released and return back into Eternity with God. I like to tell as many people as I can the comforting news that we dont really die, we pass on. And that the Soul, Spirit is real and returns to God when we pass. Some people express comfort to me when I tell them. Some people just stare at me. I feel my job is to just tell people the good news of what I experience spiritually. Whether they believe me or not is up to them. I dont try to convince them that what Im saying is true. I just tell them for them to do with whatever they like.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1753,DEE,1253,33,,F,"As I was praying, I felt a hand on my shoulder and heard a man say, Everythings going to be OK and simultaneously, my body was flooded with an incredibly warm sense of peace. It was like a big beam of sunshine blasted all the way to my inner core and the sunshine delivered peace. Its hard to explain but at the moment that the hand touched me and I was told that everything would be fine, I knew that everything really was going to be fine and my mind was INSTANTLY put at peace (and my body felt warm and safe). I opened my eyes to say thank you to the priest. Thats when I saw that THERE WAS NO ONE THERE. The priest was moving down the far end of the altar. There was a sunbeam coming through the stained glass window, but it wasnt some super nova strong enough to give me the warmth that I had felt. Also, I felt the hand on my should up until the second I opened my eyes. And the voice was a VOICE. I HEARD IT WITH MY EARS. It was not inside my head.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",maste,homemak,,separ,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1754,ME ,1212,51,,F,"Two of my dear friends and I were in a trio during the practicum of our masters program. For this exercise, I was the client, my friend was the therapist,and another friend was a neutral observer. I was determined to get answers from Steve and absolutely refused to make anything up! In a Gestalt, you invite another person (who is not physically present) to sit in a chair across from you and talk to them. When youve said whatever you want to say, you trade chairs, sitting in the guests chair and wait to see what they say back to you (through you). I told Steve about all my regrets regarding him and my mothering of him. I poured out my heart and asked his forgiveness. When I moved into (his) chair, I just waited, determined to really hear from Steve or hear nothing at all. All of a sudden I felt this huge whoosh of energy coming from the upper right and landing on me. I could sense Steves effort to reduce his energy down to match mine. He said, in great excitement, (and this sounded exactly like Steve who loved mechanical things and physics and was a dare-devil) Mom! Youll never guess what Im getting to do up here! (It was said with such excitement. It was obvious he was in heaven! Finally he quieted and said, Mom, all the things I did to hurt you and all the things you did to hurt me are just stuff that happens on earth. Now were free to just love each other. A minute later he left.    ",,US citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1755,NDE,1140,25,,F,"Consumed with utter terror, my headlight showed the tops of large trees coming at me, way down below. I knew I was going to die. Right before I hit the forest canopy below, my consciousness totally shifted. Suddenly I felt total euphoria as I watched thousands of peoples faces fly through my consciousness...people I had encountered in my life. Then I was made aware that a male figure was showing me these things...showing me how beautiful my life had been. Communicating in a perfect, telepathic way, he showed me things about the world, such as a map of lights that looked like the U.S. at night from a plane. I understood that each light represented one person and the color denoted their state of happiness or unhappiness. He then tilted this map up so I could see it from the side, revealing that it was actually TWO maps that appeared as one when seen from above...one layer of spiritual beings on top interacting with the people down on Earth! I was consumed with the beauty of this. He then told me I had to go back, that I needed to stop being so shy and start opening myself up to people. I couldnt go back until I completed this. I did not want to return to Earth...I felt totally loved and welcomed back (it all was familiar...I even knew this figure!). The figure was male, pale, bald, and wore some kind of dark cloak. I knew him and loved him...it was so good to see him again and he me!! There were other figures doing things in the background. I learned that interactions with others are of tantamount importance in life here on Earth...even brief ones like the cashier at a store. I also was shown the extreme beauty of my life!!! We are of love, we must be open to offering love to each other. Oh-and there is no coincidence. Everything unfolds as its meant to.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Art Stu,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1756,OBE,1040,22,,F,"See above. Disillusioned, afraid, saw two young men, heard nothing. Thought... do I know you?    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1757,ADC,1377,51,,M,This is the actual text message I sent Subject: Message from Mum Hi Lone Im just awake and have just finished relaying to Sue a dream I have just finished having about an hour ago. This was unlike ANYTHING I have ever experienced in my life and I guess u may believe what Im about to say or not then thats fine. It was a message from Mum for me and us all. Ill try to describe it but the detail was as good if not better than real life. Ok this is what I was shown and told by Mum mainly. Others I saw were Dad and you. Everyone is happy and come and go busy doing exactly what they want in real life just the same. Same voices same mannerisms and smiling. As you think of some one some place or some thing it materialises and its there for you to touch use and even the smells are the same. The detail blew me away as Mum walked me from room to room by my arm and showed me that her home is still alive and well and shes home living there with all her gear pictures everything. I saw the laundry all full. I gave Mum a big kiss and she was happy to see me and have me visit. Each room was perfect right down to the wood grain on the cupboard doors and wardrobes. It was clearer than I can even remember now. I could touch and feel everything. I said can I look in the huts and I did opening the door and checking both out. The smell was the same lol. They were full of junk And I said to Mum how come and she said we keep all the extra gear in there because us kids arnt there. When I was inside the house if I concentrated real hard I could almost see the burnt walls and floors like a shadow or silhouette but Mum said to me firmly with a serious look on her face that she is NOT going to allow me to see that and it vanished. She said that our home exists in two different places at once. Its like one place is on 92fm and her place is 102fm. They share the same place or space but out of tune so u dont see the other. Anyway we had visitors come and go with cups of tea. Dad arrived in from up the farm smiling and whistling. You arrived for a visit and chat also happy and smiling. Everything coming and going as I thought of them. When I was in Mums old bedroom with the built in mirror I tried to look at myself but when I did I was like a ghost. Very faint and just a shape. And yet I could see the bloody grain in the varnished doors right beside. We went to the A&amp;P show and there were not many people there but it was on. What happens is only the people you knew and think about come through. This explains how in the spirit world its not jammed packed with every person who has passed on just your loved ones and friends coming and going like real life. Ok back home again and Muns really young and beautiful probably in her twenties. See they can appear as any age they want. I knew it was mum. I swung her around then she fell over a chair laughing. I had tea with Mum and now the afternoon was getting darker it was time for me to go. I have her a big hug and began to cry with joy. I knew I was experiencing a dream but it was much too real for just a memory and I could ask questions. I thought I would wake Sue with my crying but I went back to Mum. She smiled and said she is happy and well and not to fear. I asked her if I could come and visit her again but she got serious again and said no but she will think about it. I said how about once a week and I begged her but she smiled and said maybe. Oh well I thought. I walked out the gate and some guys standing on the driveway who looked like Eddie yates. He was wearing a parka and there was a farm implement behind him. I said to him who are you ? and he told me his name. Random spirits appear too and he was out the gate and seemed to be waiting for Dad to come out to see him. I hopped into my car yes u can drive in the afterlife but its cool . You dont have miles of boring nothingness. Next second Im on my way home to Hokitika and I stop in a town. I got out at a park and some guys sitting there in his car with his mouth wide open looking at me. I said what are u looking at ? He says you are bloody flying and floating up in the air. I said so ... You can too come on up so he hops out and flies up to me. He was hopeless and tumbled over. I laughed. Then I awoke in bed at home with tears running down my cheeks and so bloody happy I had to wake Sue and relay this story. It was not a dream but was a real experience. It was like a near death experience without the death. I could see anything I wanted and ask questions at will. I feel a lot more content about home and Mum and I have been shown a glimpse of heaven. It was SOOO nice I can see why Mum is restricting my return. If u stay and dont go back you die and its not my time. But we are allowed to visit but only when our loved ones allow us. I hope this makes sense and I was pleased to see you there too,,New Zeala,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Vehicle,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1758,OBE,1346,4,,M,"This seemed very natural, again no big deal  I thought that floating was more fun than just walking, so I concluded that I would run or float everywhere. You know, normal, Thats when the guide reminded me of my body, The guide was like a voice but from behind me and just a few feet above me.    ",,usa    Q.,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"100,000+",colle,none,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1759,DEE,1115,39,,M,"To repeat this experience was like being totally filled with love, when I heard god say to me that he has always been here waiting for me it was as if my whole being heard it not my ears but my whole being was enveloped in his presence/love    ",,citizen,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Bartend,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1760,ADC,1187,43,,F,"One night after Cloy\xe2\x80\x99s funeral I was lying in my bed in the middle of the night unable to sleep. I was experiencing incredible deep agonizing emotional pain. I had left a church that I knew wasn\xe2\x80\x99t true and I had been ostracized by family and friends for doing so. I was divorced and felt so alone in the world as a single mother. I was curled up in a ball, hugging my knees closely to my chest. I always shook when I cried. It was as if something was trying to shake loose inside of me to finally be free, but it couldn\xe2\x80\x99t quite make its way out, and so I was strangling, squirming for spiritual air. I cried and trembled. Suddenly something other-wordly occurred. I saw Cloy at the end of the hallway. She came towards me into my room. I recognized her because of her outer form. I say outer form because she was translucent, yet color filled, if that makes any sense. I could see through her, yet I could recognize completely that it was her. As she came towards me I said in exclamation, Cloy!\xe2\x80\x9d  It is difficult to describe what happened after that because words cannot describe what occurred next. There simply are no words on this planet for it. All that I can say is that Cloy somehow filled me with what she feels wherever she now is. Suddenly I felt as if someone had placed a needle about two to three inches long in each and every pore over my entire body, starting at the top of my head and ending with the bottom of my toes. The needles had something in them that was the essence of pure unadulterated ecstasy. It was a joy that I have never felt in this earthly existence, and I am certain that it does not exist at the earthly level of vibrational being. The needles tingled full of warm bubbly unconditional love. It was Christmas and Valentines and Halloween all in one. It was chocolate kisses and truffles and the sweet nectar of watercress fresh out of the mountain spring. It was children\xe2\x80\x99s laughter and hugs and unity squared. I was in a state of complete euphoria and exultation that I have never before or since experienced. I was involuntarily smiling from ear to ear. I could feel myself smiling, but it was not me doing it. Seconds before I had been in utter agony. Now, I was so overcome with happiness, that the smile on my face felt permanent. I thought to myself, \xe2\x80\x9cI am not smiling I am being smiled!\xe2\x80\x9d  I lay in the midst of this pleasure and rapture as the needles continued to tingle and pour warm, pure, syrupy, liquid affection into my veins. The veins carried it swiftly to my major organs and I breathed tender compassion. My blood became a river of sweet adulation. I then realized that if there were a drug that could reproduce that feeling \xe2\x80\x93 I\xe2\x80\x99d be on it twenty-four-seven. As a social worker dealing with methamphetamine users, I had wondered why in the world these people would take drugs and lose everything for it. Instantaneously I knew the answer. I mean, if it feels anything like what I felt that night, I can understand why someone would sell their soul for it. I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that this feeling was ethereal from another realm. I could only guess that Cloy was aware of my secret agony and she was giving me the ecstatic feeling that is constantly present wherever she is to assuage my pain. The message of the feeling was one of (and it\xe2\x80\x99s difficult for me to say this in words because it was conveyed to me beyond words \xe2\x80\x93 it was communicated soul to soul, mind to mind \xe2\x80\x93 words just cheapen it, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t know how else to describe it except with words) \xe2\x80\x9cJane, you are loved unconditionally and you are OK just the way you are. The apostles aren\xe2\x80\x99t right. The church isn\xe2\x80\x99t right. There is no right. There is no duality. Love, love, love. You are love and you are loved. There is only love.\xe2\x80\x9d   I closed my eyes and luxuriated in the heavenly tingling. Eventually it subsided. The needles slowly pulled out of my body, starting at the top of my head and finally leaving altogether through the ends of my toes. I am thankful to Cloy for showing me such support and joy.      ",,Citizen o,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Social,,divor,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1761,ADC,1329,31,,F,See above    ,,USA    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Compute,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1762,DEE,1147,35,,F,"After an abortion in 1971, I experienced great remorse. Following a series of God-sent visions, I entered a Bible study program in the Catholic Church that led me to Eucharistic Adoration. During my first Eucharistic adoration, the love of God, emanating from the Eucharist, surged like a wave through my being. I was immediately released from remorse.  A few months later, an acquaintance who works for the Catholic Church asked me to create a self-published prayer book of remembrance for parents who are grieving the death of a child from miscarriage or abortion.  In 2003, Book of the Innocents was the first publication authored by lay people to be published by the Catholic Church\xe2\x80\x99s official publishing company, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. Parents can enter the name of their \xe2\x80\x9clost\xe2\x80\x9d child in the book.    ",,citizen,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1763,OBE,1039,16,,F,"as described above. I was in the room, hovering, saw the room, floated above body for 2 minutes, crying out in prayer for help. was entirely amazed that the lords prayer did not work.  This proved to me that I did not believe love was stronger than fear. I had been taught too much about hell and that even though I was saved I was not truly spiritually whole. I was a mess. And went into a deep depression.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,highsch,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
1764,PLR,1472,3,,F,More of a feeling and a knowingness that my thoughts were unquestionable truths and that I could access these truths as a strength and assurance in this life when I needed them...but honestly--I didnt want to be here and wanted to be back with God and I remember my soul ACHED.....in remembering ...    ,,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,"baby, n",,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1765,ADC,1428,47,,F,"My father came to me in a dream that night. I dont remember if I saw him but I remember him telling me, Get a sledge hammer and give the drum a good knock and it will pop off there. My father was a mechanic and an electrician and I was his family helper with mechanics. He was also a man of few words, so our conversation didnt go beyond that from my recollection.    ",,USA Citiz,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Buddhist,,,seld,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",maste,Masters,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1766,ADC,1374,45,,F,"The guide got us to a certain level of depth during the meditation and asked who we saw there. Mt brother, who had been a quadriplegic from the age of 16 and in a vwheelchair, came up to me with open arms. He looked very different from how I knew him. He had dark curly hair and was wearing a crisp white linen shirt and slacks. He had a confident bearing and long stride. He took me into hisvarms and said you are forgiven and you are loved.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,avera,none,"50,000 99",colle,Respira,,separ,divor,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1767,NDE,1107,32,,M,"I was off-duty and walking with my girlfriend Susan along the beach. We observed 3 swimmers struggling in the surf approximately 100 yards from shore. I swam out and got the first two to safety. I then returned to the heavy surf for the third victim. I got to approximately 20 yards from shore when I was unable to go any further and rested with the victim on a small sandbar. The victim was then put in a rubber life raft when I was unexpectedly swept off the bar by the heavy surf. They were unable to rescue me and I submerged under the surf. Documented reports vary as to the length of time I was submerged but were consistent that I had drowned. While submerged, I have a distinct memory of seeing and hearing my father saying to grab my knees and ball up (NOTE: my father had been deceased for 10 years). I then woke up in an ambulance after being revived by paramedics who recounted that they spotted me on the surface balled-up and were able to retrieve my body from the surf and begin resuscitation.    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,religious,religious,Jewish,Christian,,,never,week,avera,very st,"0 24,999",docto,New Yor,,single,divor,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1768,DEE,1382,39,,F,"The voice that woke me was so pronounced and deliberate. Also,the waking was accompanied by a night sweat. But that was it...I also recall I had a vivid dream 2 weeks before this incident. The dream involved Damir. I had dreamt I was in a courtyard at a wedding with my 2 children and husband at the time. I had seen the devil lurking in the courtyard trying to hide and not be seen. I then said, In the name of God I command you to leave! and he turned and walked out through the gate. At that momeent, after he left, my friend Damir walked up to the entrance gate with arbor and walked in. Before Damir passed away, I conveyed the dream as well as the divine message I receieved 2 weeks after. He was dumbfounded.    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Healthc,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1769,DEE,1280,56,,F,"During the Sanctus (Holy Holy Holy) I was raised off the floor.  I have been hoping it would happen again, because I was praising God with a huge choir of Angels. realy gave me chills. I have a nice choir @ church, but this was extra special with trumpets blaring and a great choir of ? Angels singing.    ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",Junio,Radiogr,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1770,DEE,1045,16,,F,"I was alone on the rooftop of my parents house in Martins Ferry Ohio. I snuck out at night to see my boyfriend. It was cold and snowing and there was lots of ice everywhere. I was climbing up the roof at about 5-6 am and my hand slipped and I was sliding down the roof. I remember distictly hearing my body slide down the roof. I didnt scream, there was no time. I was scared for a split second and then all of a sudden I was back up safe and sound holding onto the roof. I was sooo tired, I didnt even understand what had just happened to me. I was sooooo exhausted that I just went into the window and went to sleep. The next morning when I opened my eyes, I remember perfectly the awe, the deep breath that I took, knowing that something or someone had saved me from falling off the roof. I remember just being in a state of shock really! I would like to think that it was a guardian angel, but not sure, didnt see anything or anyone. To this day when I tell people about it, I get goosebumps and that feeling of awe is still in my center. It was an amazing experience!    ",,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1771,DEE,1202,29,,F,"During the waiting period, I decided to speak to the Mother aspect of the Goddess. I was going to be 30 in about 5 months and was wondering about my lifes direction. When it came time for me, I was escorted down the lit path to the lower circle by an attendant; they helped people up and down the path for safety reasons. He asked me which aspect I had chosen and I told him. We walked over to where that Priestess was working. She had someone there and I was told to wait. She would tell me to come over to her when she was ready. She raised her hand and waved me over. I knelt at her feet. I felt an amazing amount of energy around me, it was actually quite warm. I was wearing a cloak but had to remove it. I didnt look at her face. A voice spoke and asked me what I wished to know. Her voice was clear, calm, and so beautiful. I asked for clarity in the coming years. If there was anything I needed to know or was missing. I could feel her smile. I had my eyes closed. The next thing I felt was her hand on my forehead. An amazing amount of energy surged through me and I felt like I had been drenched in love energy. I began to cry. I never felt so accepted, understood, and knew that no matter what I did or choices I made, I was loved and would always be her daughter. I wept. Such unconditional love completely overwhelmed me. Once we finished, the attendant came to help me up and I continued to cry all the way back up the path. He held me and we walked to the upper fire where a chair was waiting. He sat me down and got me some apple juice to drink. He told me to wait there until I could walk back to my camp unaided. Once I got back to camp, I kept crying for several hours. I felt like I was purging all the negative beliefs about who I was.      ",,US citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Operati,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1772,ME ,1311,61,,F,"In September 2006, Hank showed me a story and picture in our local New York newspaper, The Journal News, of the current Pope Benedict making a personal, nonofficial, visit to see the Veil of Veronica in Italy. Yes, the cloth that Jesus used to wipe his face and miraculously imprint his face on during the walk to his death is actually framed and protected by the Capuchin Monastery in Manoppello, Italy today. The Popes visit took place on September 1, 2006, the 500th Anniversary of the cloth being in this monastery. I was immediately drawn to this story. After reading and researching it in Wikipedia, an official Catholic newspaper, etc., I had a Knowing that this picture was truly Jesuss face. I have His face all over my home, in my car, in my wallet and I give out this picture to whoever wants it. You can see Jesuss face for yourself. Ive uploaded a picture of who I believe is Jesus. You can also see his face and the story in a Google search of: Holy Face of Manoppello. Youll see a close-up, brass-colored picture of a mans face with bruises on it and his nose looks broken. His mouth is slightly open, revealing his teeth. Six years later, I still believe 100% that this is the face of Jesus.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1773,ADC,1497,23,,M,see # 8 above    ,,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1774,DEE,1260,32,,F,"Other than the above information, I felt very comforted.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales f,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1775,ADC,1172,54,,F,"While drifting off to sleep, a man appeared at the foot of my bed, dressed in an old uniform, which I later discovered was an army uniform, and he was smiling and looked happy. He obviously wanted me to see him, as he just stood there, and I said, What are you doing here? And I was totally calm, not scared at all, and then he faded away. My husband in the next room heard what I had said and shouted back, What? And I answered, oh, nothing and I knew that something significant had happened, but didnt know for sure what. The next day, I asked my mother and sister if my Uncle Dan had ever served in the army, and the answer was yes. I really believe that Dan appeared to me because I am receptive to these kinds of experiences, and because he wanted my mother to know that he was o.k., in his young body, and no longer afflicted by the physical problems he had before he died. I thought then that the real purpose of his visit was so that my mother could tell his wife, who still survived, that he was o.k. My mother never did tell her, as she was not a believer of these kinds of things. My mother passed away recently, and Dans daughter, my cousin, sent me a card that stated that her dad adored my mother, his little sister. I now know that purpose of his visit was not so that his wife would know that he was o.k., but so that his sister, whom he adored, would know that he was o.k.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Counsel,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1776,OBE,1410,22,,F,"It really happened very very quickly. One minute I was watching tv and then I believe I had fallen asleep. All of a sudden I felt myself come out of my body and in a flash, my spirit, or whatever you want to call it, was out of my body, across the room, in front of the television. I saw the television and then I was just there, right in front of it. It was still on but I cant recall what was showing at the time this happened, I just know it was on and I could see it. I remember feeling this amazing sense of freedom and that I could go anywhere I wanted, as quickly as I wanted. I looked at the hotel room door and thought to myself, I want to go out there, see how far I can go like this. It was a very very pleasant and unbelievably exciting feeling, but I was also scared.  In that instant while I was looking at the door thinking about going further, reveling in this sense of freedom, speed and excitement, I suddenly I heard a voice (it wasnt a voice like we speak in the literal world, it was a voice that I could identify as male, I think, but instead of speaking out loud, it was like a knowledge in my head. Its hard to convey this correctly) saying If you want this to stop, you have to wake up now. I heard it and was still looking at the door. The voice/knowledge again said Sally, if you want this to stop you have to wake up NOW! with heavy heavy emphasis on the word NOW.  This time I listened and the next thing I knew, I was back in my body, sitting up and sucking in a HUGE gulp of air as if I hadnt taken a breath in a very long time, the same way you would if you were holding your breath under water for as long as you could stand and then surfaced. I was so scared of what I had just experienced I ran to the min-refrigerator, grabbed one of the beers from the six pack i had bought earlier, along with my cigarettes, and went outside where I drank the entire beer and smoked probably 4 cigarettes in a row. I was TERRIFIED to go back to sleep. I truly felt like I was going crazy and imagining what had just happened to me. When I finally went back to my room I stayed up as long as I could because I was afraid to go back to sleep and that it would happen again. At the time, I didnt want it to happen ever again. I finally did go back to sleep and slept peacefully the remaining few hours I had left before my flight. It has never happened to me again. I will be 40 this September, so its been almost 18 years since this happened and it has never happened to me again.    ",,US    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,moder,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Active,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1777,OBE,1552,9,,M,"The dream/experience seems to begin as usual but I started to notice things that I wouldnt normally catch my attention. The first item I recall was looking down at the cloverleaf intersection of the SR55 freeway (we called the Newport freeway even though its officially known as the Costa Mesa freeway) and Interstate 5. It was odd as it seemed as though it was daytime not nighttime. The next commented I made to myself was I could see the top of an apartment building nearby and the air conditioning units on the rooftop. Shortly after that point I felt or sensed something above me. A feeling of warm love and a golden light radiating from above but all around caught my attention. As it did, I slowly ascended towards this wonderful place above me but after a few moment I felt the presence of two beings. I dont seem to recall actually seeing anyone I just felt/knew they were there. There seemed to be something humorous or playful about them I want to say angels but it seems awkward to do so..... Anyway they told me I could not be there and that I had to go back, it was a little disappointing to hear but I didnt feel bad. I agreed after a bit and started to head down and when I felt there attention drift I turned back and headed towards the light. They quickly appeared or I felt them nearby and again they said I had to return. This time I, in the way of a child said, but its so wonderful I dont want too. At this, the beings, almost with a feeling of good humor and laughter said I had too! I played with them a bit trying to continue up but gave in and woke right up in bed. I knew instantly this wasnt just a dream....    ",,US citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",Some,Student,,single,widow,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1778,NDE,1281,38,,F,    ,,American,1 2000,agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Registe,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1779,DEE,1001,12,,,"I looked behind me to thank the young boy but he was not there. He simply vanished. When I caught up with my friends I asked them if they had seen a young boy and they said no. I assume the young boy was a guardian angel who interevened to save my life. If the snake had bitten me, I would have been dead within 20 minutes. Coral snakes are among the most deadly and venomous in the world.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,,,,,never,never,none,none,"0 24,999",maste,student,,single,marri,,none,,youth
1780,OBE,1392,22,,M,"This story is an account of an amazing venture into the future that came about by what I, years later, came to know as a Near Death Experience. Although I wasnt physically near death at the time, I experienced all the earmarks of a classic Near Death Experience, including leaving my physical body and traveling at tremendous speeds through a variety of mystical dimensions.   A Window in Time By Joe   The cold March rain dripped steadily off the back porch awning as I ran water for my morning coffee. Through the kitchen window I could see streaks of snow across the muddy back yard. Where the yard ended and the dark gray bark of maple trees along the hillside took over, the snow still covered all the land. The phone rang. Setting down the coffee pot, I reached for the phone. Hello. I said. You wanna meet for lunch? Jim asked without even bothering to say hello. Sure, I replied. Anything to get me out and away from the boredom. We exchanged a few more words and hung up. I put the coffee pot on the stove, grabbed a quick shower, put on a sweatshirt, poured myself a cup of coffee, and sat down to read a couple chapters from an Eric Von Daniken book I had just picked up the day before. A couple hours later, I put on a rainproof windbreaker and headed for town. When I arrived at Charlies Lounge, Jim was already there. Whats the special?, I asked the bartender.  Burger and fries, he said. Good enough for me, I replied. Put some cheese on it too. Jim looked over and smiled. You wanna beer? Ah, its a little early for that I said. Come on, one with lunch wont hurt you. he said. Get him a draught, he said to the bartender. Jim was a road construction worker who hadnt been working for the past couple weeks due to the incessant rain. Id known him since we were kids. His boredom wasnt as intense as mine, but the cold, dreary rain was getting a lot of people down in this tiny Pennsylvania railroad town. It was a tough little town along the edge of the Allegheny Mountains in central Pennsylvania. The heart of Appalachia was just a few minutes away. The Vietnam War was just winding down and Watergate was front page news every day. Life, like the weather, was bleak. A month earlier I had finished a two year stint as a Military Policeman in Germany.  I was accustomed to the excitement of constant stimulation. As a policeman I had weathered the drama and tragedy of the Munich Olympics, witnessed first hand the violence of the militant Baader-Meinhof Gang, and while wearing the white hat of law enforcement, had been front and center in the unpredictable and dangerous world of heroin addiction. Okay, Ill sip on a beer, I said to the bartender. Jim smiled. When I looked in his direction I could see a couple guys playing a game of pool. Immediately my radar went off. Two brothers were playing a game of eightball. One of the brothers was a year older than me, and had been a superb football player. The other brother was a year younger than me and had always been a bit of a troublemaker. And, he was drunk! It just past noon and he was drunker than a skunk. Several years earlier, I had been in an all out fight with the younger one. I had knocked him down and was on top of him, pounding the living daylights out of him when someone pulled me off.  Here he was again. Drunk, and this time with his older brother, who it appeared he was going to try and impress. He was staring at me. His face was getting red. I could feel my adrenalin surging. Every drop of testosterone in my body was lit up. The two years in the military had added 30 pounds of muscle to my body. I had been trained in judo and self defense techniques. I was capable of putting anyone into submission in seconds. I was ready! To avoid initiating any confrontation and to maintain my focus, I chose to gaze at the cue ball(the all white pool ball) as it bounded around the pool table. A moment went by, then two. I kept my focus on the cue ball. I began developing a slightly different mind set. I clearly remembering saying to myself, I choose to not allow my emotions to dictate my actions. I choose to just stay focused on the neutral cue ball. Then BOOM, it happened. Suddenly, without warning, my entire state of consciousness shot directly out of the top of my head. Everything I knew to be me was traveling at a tremendous rate of speed, and accelerating by the second. At first I seemed to have shot through a tunnel like zone, then into a brightly lit world. I went past cities, land masses, continents, entire worlds. and universes. I clearly remember seeing a great River. I remember thinking at the time that it must be the River that St John spoke of in Revelations. I remember clearly because, at the time, I was a dyed in the wool atheist. But I didnt stop there. I just zipped on by. I saw things and concepts that I just didnt understand, bu",,US    Q.,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,militar,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1781,ME ,1294,61,,F,"During the summer of 2006, Hank and I were at an outdoor party at a swim club in Basking Ridge, New Jersey. We had met this group of people the year before, so they were new to us. It was a sunny day and I was talking to a very suntanned man everyone called Mike the Painter, to distinguish him, I suppose, from all the other Mikes. While I was talking to Mike, his whole face suddenly turned a deathly gray color. It happened in a snap, as if you turned on a light and boom! I guess it was shocking to see because my brain took a couple of seconds before I realized that his face had changed to gray. His face was gray for several seconds and then it snapped back to his normal tan color. I stood there staring at him. I dont remember what he was saying. I do not drink or do drugs. After that happened and in the next day or two, I remember thinking about Mikes face and wondering if it did indeed turn gray. I couldnt believe I saw his whole face a gray color. I tried to disbelieve this experience had happened to me. I tried to deny that his face had turned gray. But every time I tried to deny it, I kept affirming that I did indeed see that Mikes face instantly turned gray, stayed gray for several seconds, then instantly turned back to tan. Since Im a visual person and a visual artist, I couldnt deny that I saw his face was gray because my mind sort of takes a picture of it and, also, I was able to call it up in my memory and I would see it again, so I couldnt really deny the gray color. I ended up believing that this happened, even if I didnt understand why it happened or why I saw it. A day or two later I understood what I saw and why I saw it. Mike was a heavy smoker. He was usually smoking a cigarette whenever I saw him. I believed that God wanted me to warn Mike to stop smoking or hell pass at a young age. I waited a whole year before I got up the courage to tell Mike. I didnt want this new group of friends to think I was a religious zealot or crazy. So that summer I went up to Mike and told him what I saw and that I was meant to pass this warning to him. I apologized if he thought I was a zealot but Mike stopped me and said he was Catholic and believed that people see signs from God. He said he wasnt going to stop smoking and thanked me for telling him. I saw Mike every summer for a few years after that time and noticed that he was still smoking. Hank and I have since changed our summer plans so I dont expect to see Mike at that location again.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1782,ADC,1257,37,,F,"I felt sure and confident that it really was Christian talking to me in my thoughts. I was also a little intimidated by his expectation of me. I had never felt a strong compulsion to do something someone asked me to do. I felt at peace when it was over, but I also felt the weight of what I was asked to do.    ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1783,ADC,1080,45,,F,The woman had just had a reading from the psychic and was complaining that the psychic had not communicated with the womans father who had died recently and she was disappointed. Even though I had been psychic myself for many years I didnt event think it was possible for a psychic to communicate with those who had passed. Immediately after I had that thought I saw the womans father standing next to her. He looked at me smiling and told me telepathically that he loved his daughter and would always be with her. He had one hand on her shoulder and the other on her hands which were folded in her lap.    ,,Citizen,1 mill,atheist,atheist,Jewish,Unaffilia,,,never,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,Marriag,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1784,ADC,1013,32,,F,"From this experience, I learned that death is not something to fear, that we might even be released from our earthly difficulties to enter into a place of bliss. I learned that I was deeply loved by my grandmother even if on the earthly realm she was unable to express this.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Massage,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1785,ME ,1109,40,,F,I learned that there is no Cheryl. This physical life is an illusion.     ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Real Es,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1786,DEE,1075,37,,F,"I was very sick and due to fly from Minnesota to California for Neurosurgery in a few days time. I was in so much pain for about a year before being properly diagnosed with a rare spontaneous injury to my spine..not only was my condition rare but my general health was rapidly declining. I am a single mom with two kids who were pretty young and I only got out of bed to care to their needs then they would come to me at my bed. While in bed I wondered what would happen to them if I didnt get better and had questioned my faith as I was continuously praying. I was in bed and the room was silent. I started to pray and paused, meaning to continue I stopped because I felt too sick and had wondered why...then I heard a voice as clear as someone next to me and it made me hold my breath. He said my child, Im right here with you. Have faith I will never leave you. I know your walk is weary but I will not forsake thee. It is for my Glory. Just trust in me. Just trust in me. Im going to show you what you must go through to grow your strength in me, but I will not leave your side, trust me. Many will call me Holy because of your endurance and strength. This is the Word of The Lord.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Executi,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1787,ME ,1555,15,,F,"See previous question. Rather than a visual, it was a presence, and understanding, an overwhelming felling of love that goes beyond words. Gods voice was a thought, a feeling in my soul, a oneness but a separateness.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Stay at,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1788,DEE,1182,4,,F,"It was night and I was in bed. I dont recall this part well, but somehow I became aware that my father was not at home. (I was somewhere between 3-5 years old) My father had gone to visit a neighbor two doors down (old Mr Safran) I was a timid child and for some reason I was utterly scared of this neighbor, even though there was no reason to be. He actually was a kindly old gentleman who even remembered the neighborhood children in his will but for whatever reason I was very frightened of him. When I awoke and realized it was (to me at least) late at night and my father was not yet home, I was terrified that Mr Safran had hurt him or killed him. (Again, no reason why I would think this) I was laying in my bed and I was terrified. I dont remember if I was crying, but if I was, it wasnt loud enough for my mother to hear. I was (and still am) the type of person that does not cry out for help. I dont know if I was praying for my father to be ok as I dont remember if I was old enough to have been taught about free-form prayers. Anyway, I felt a warm, comforting, loving presence that assured me everything would be OK. (And of course it was, as my father had never been in any danger whatsoever other than in my mind) It was like being wrapped up in a warm soft blanket of love and happiness. It was so long ago and I was so young that I dont remember anything beyond that but I have never forgotten it either. I did not see or hear anything, it was completely a feeling of love and reassurance.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,none ch,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1789,DEE,1239,36,,F,"It is very hard to describe because I didnt see anything with me eyes, however, I FELT everything very strongly. The energy and the love/acceptance that the being emanated was FAR STRONGER and more VAST than what is humanly possible, therefore I did not feel that the entity was human (as in, a deceased relative). The energy was so huge and positively powerful, that I strongly felt it was a higher dimensional being, eg. an angel, spirit guide or God themself. The strength of the unconditional love/acceptance was WAY beyond human love. I could sense that with every fibre of my being. The experience left me in NO DOUBT that I had just experienced a Divine Entity Encounter.    ",,7th gener,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,never,moder,littl,"0 24,999",High,Compute,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1790,NDA,1227,5,,F,"I felt I was home, that the other place I was living was cold and harsh, I was shown a point in the future of total devastation and how I needed to be there to take care of the children. I remember seeing my friend who promised to be with me for a short time to see that I was safe.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Child,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1791,DEE,1298,41,,F,"I woke up and told my husband I needed to go to my sons grave, he assured me everything was fine and that he would drive me down to the cemetary early in the morning. I lied awake all night waiting for morning to come, finally we got to the cemetary and I couldnt believe my eyes!  The cemetary workers had dug a grave next to my sons grave, but it was so close to his that you could almost see my sons coffin, it was as if the body that was being buried there was practically in the same grave. Seeing the depth of the grave and how close it was to my sons was unbelievable just like in my dream accept to the side of my sons grave. My sons flowers and things were thrown further up away from his grave, I was furious, that my son was being disturbed.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Self-Em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1792,NDA,1180,53,,F,"I began to feel a spinning sensation and heard a buzzing noise as I was beginning to either leave my body or lose consciousness. I cried out mentally to God God! Im not ready! I felt inadequate to face judgment and aware of so many personal failings. Immediately, absolutely immediately upon having prayed that short prayer, the buzzing and the spinning slowed down and when it stopped I was able to get up. I promptly vomited three or four times due to the nicotine poisoning.     ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Nursing,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1793,ME ,1102,20,,F,"I felt the calm and reassuring presence of God. I did not actually see the Lord, but I felt a peace and calmness come over me, and I knew I should go ahead with my plans to try to go to medical school    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",docto,high sc,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1794,ADC,1274,52,,F,My observation was the ethereal vision of my mother and my fathers arms hugging me around my shoulders. Both my brother &amp; I had no question whos hug it was as he did it often with his kids. There was no sound that specifically went with anything seen or felt...just the sounds of the hospital. I learned that my father came for my mother and took her Home with him...what a great feeling to know/feel.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Corpora,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1795,OBE,1037,22,,F,No noise no sounds it all happened very fast.    ,,US    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Office,,single,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1796,DEE,1095,61,,F,"I was very concerned about a pending operation and had a 2nd consultation with my surgeon. Previously, when it became clear to me that I needed an operation, I had an inner feeling to look at a local hospital website. I selected this particular surgeon as being most compatible with my needs, and again had an inner feeling that she was right for me.  When we entered the consulting room, a turquoise colour human like shape followed the surgeon. This entity sat beside me during the entire vist as my sugeon described the procedure and aftercare to me. I felt a sense of peace and reassurance from this figure which I would describe as being most likely her guide.     ",,British,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,yoga tu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1797,SDE,1210,58,,F,    ,,British c,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Prefer no,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1798,ME ,1489,56,,M," By about nine p.m. I noticed that I was hearing songs in a way I never had before. I seemed to be entering more deeply than usual into the mind of the writer and understanding what was being emotionally conveyed. So I kept listening. I felt the sorrows and joys of others as they spoke to me in song. I felt the tragic beauty in the passions, lost hopes and brevity of life as experienced by other people. There was a collision of sadness and beauty, a kind of majestic sorrow. I wondered if it was due to being fifty six years of age and being able to relate to many situations in life. Shivers repeatedly rose in waves up my spine from its base. I could not recall ever enjoying music to such an extent. I identified so closely with the singers, I became them. I could get up and go to the bathroom or get a drink of chilled water from the kitchen without losing the spinal effect. I then returned to the headphones and Yahoo Radio on the computer. The shivers of pleasure continued to rise in waves up my spine and began to intensify and surge down my legs and up my arms. The base of my head, at the rear, where the spine joins the skull was hit by waves of exquisite sensation with each new song. It felt like a hand was gripping the upper back of my neck where it meets the skull, and channelling in high voltage pleasure direct to my brain. After each wave of energy up my spine, this sensation did not totally subside, but seemed to remain as a scintillation of increased magnitude higher than the level before it. I became concerned as the euphoric physical effects intensified and extended in duration. I checked my pulse by the clock to see if I had an elevated heart rate associated with panic attacks. My pulse was normal and steady and my body felt very, very relaxed. I had the sensation of settling or falling back, deeper within my body, as the experience continued. My mind was paradoxically calm, intensely present, sharply aware and my cognition totally functioning and nimble. The waves of sensation up my spine became a volcanic rush that entered my head. I was thinking \xe2\x80\x9cOh, Oh, Oh! Awesome! Go with it!\xe2\x80\x9d Rivers of energy flowed outwards along my limbs. By now it was after midnight. My body felt almost weightless. I felt immense power flowing through my body. At one point I looked at my hands and they felt so full of the sensation of energy and so insubstantial that I wondered if they might pass through the wall if I tried. I touched the wall out of curiosity and my hand was certainly still solid as it touched the wall! It was just that I could not feel my hand. It went on and on, hour after hour as powerful waves of surging energy, ever intensifying. I was totally immersed in intense ecstasy. Suddenly, there was another huge rush of energy upwards. There was complete darkness. I found my locus of consciousness now resting in the centre of my head as a tiny pin point. The room I was sitting in had totally disappeared from sight. It was dark and comforting in the centre of my brain. Then, there was a final atomic eruption I could feel rising beneath this tiny \xe2\x80\x9cme\xe2\x80\x9d, my centre of total awareness, and it burst forth from the top of my head carrying that tiny point in a massive torrent of energy that felt like a clear, cool viscous liquid, and my awareness emerged into a infinite yet intimate space which was like an endless ocean where I felt connected to all things in the cosmos. I thought, \xe2\x80\x9cHuh! I must have died! Oh well, it\xe2\x80\x99s not so bad.\xe2\x80\x9d I had no fear. I was merely a point of consciousness with no body at all. I was overcome with immense gratitude for the privilege of having been alive, and for my life with its joys as well as its sorrows and the total improbability of just being. I thanked God.  Following on was an instantaneous, total life review. It was like viewing a three hundred and sixty degree panoramic picture screen with all of my life events played out simultaneously. Many of the things I had thought very significant in my life were not at all important. My preconceptions of right and wrong melted away. I did not feel judged in any way, I felt completely accepted. Everything was meaningful in my life and nothing I had experienced was wasted. The only things that now mattered in my past life were the times I had shown loving compassion to other people and living things. Then I felt enormous, limitless, feelings of joy, love, compassion and empathy for humankind and all living things. I felt intimate kinship with all humanity. I somehow was The Divine Mother with a heart for all my suffering beings and wanted to encompass them in arms of love and mercy and tell them everything was all right and always had been. Everything was perfect and always had been and always would be. At this stage I did ",,Australia,2001 2,religious,agnostic,Jewish,Hindu,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Enploym,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1799,ME ,1122,23,,M,"When I began to read the bible, not much made sense, but as I came to the 14th verse I instantly knew before I read the verse that this was my answer. As I began to read each word it was though heaven opened up. All I could say was yes...as the words came part of my being...I have written to you, young men, Because you are strong, and the word of God lives in you, and you have overcome the evil one. A river of unconditional love began to flow through the top of my head and completely washed into my body. I began to cry for joy. It was so holy and so far beyond my human conception that I felt I was going to die because it was just to holy to bare. I instantly understood that I was a child of God, completely loved and accepted. No longer was God some idea up in heaven, but was part of me. I also felt as though God had always been with me and it was I who was not searching. I was now completely free as though released from a prison and now my life is beginning. I had no more fear of death and knew that God really existed and there is an afterlife. And that the God who I grew up with was not judgmental but all loving.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1800,ME ,1479,29,,M,"The exact events went like this: I had a thought, revelation or ephany come into my mind that God was real and he wanted to communicate with me. I thought that the source or origin of such a thought was strange so I thought of the perfect plan to prove myself wrong. I thought that I will ask it three questions that I truly do not know the answer to. I have literally always wanted to know these three questions since I was old enough to think deeply from my teenage years. God then answered them in the exact sequence and in such loving perfection that I now knew that God was indeed real and communicating with me.    ",,American,1 mill,atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio,Sales a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1801,ADC,1562,35,,M,"Some days later of that incident I was aline in the kitchen. I was very disturbed and I was crying. I was alone. And with the eyes of mY maind I saw my parents coming to me. Right in front. Both of them. And they said you are our daugther, please forgive your brother they arr as floting and I cant see their foot.    ",,Costarica,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1802,ME ,1479,29,,M,"The exact events went like this: I had a thought, revelation or ephany come into my mind that God was real and he wanted to communicate with me. I thought that the source or origin of such a thought was strange so I thought of the perfect plan to prove myself wrong. I thought that I will ask it three questions that I truly do not know the answer to. I have literally always wanted to know these three questions since I was old enough to think deeply from my teenage years. God then answered them in the exact sequence and in such loving perfection that I now knew that God was indeed real and communicating with me.    ",,American,1 mill,atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio,Sales a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1803,ME ,1169,19,,F,It is hard to describe because using conventional language doesnt fit. Something came over me in which I experienced a feeling (this is not the right word) of complete PERFECTION. I say feeling isnt the right word because it implies emotion. What I experienced was not of any of the five senses. It was the best feeling I have ever had and can only say it was a spiritual experience of perfection. It must have been from what we call God.    ,,I am a ci,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",colle,Chartis,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1804,ME ,1228,42,,F,"It was completely and deeply black. I couldnt see anything in front of me. Then I saw a very faint dot-like light. I was very curious. It started to get closer and closer. I was extremely surprised,found it funny, that what was getting closer was a neon angel. I dont mean an angel with beautiful wings or anything but a very cheap-looking angel made up of one continuous long neon tube sort of like what hangs in some stores saying OPEN. It stopped in front of me and I was sort of laughing to myself because it looked kind of silly floating out there in front of me. Then the bottom opened up and whoosh knowledge started coming into me. Not just into my head into my entire body. I knew everything. I felt that my body would not be able to contain all of this knowledge and that I would explode. I became very frightened because I thought that I was dying. I said to myself no. Within a fraction of a second it stopped and the knowledge was taken back just as it had been delivered: with a whoosh. I woke up very shaken and afraid.    ",,United St,"100,00",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Secreta,,single,single,No,very little,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1805,ADC,1114,50,,F,"Im not sure how to classify this experience, but I was in my bed at the end of the day, with my husband beginning to fall asleep beside me, reading an article in a Church magazine. The article grabbed my interest because of its unusual title relating to grief and how those who have passed on are affected by their loved ones grieving for them. I told my husband that he should read the article because it was so unusual, but he said he would read it in the morning. He never did. Within a couple of weeks, he had a motorcycle accident and was killed instantly. After his funeral, I went find the magazine to re-read the article for comfort, but the article was not in the issue I was sure it was in. I looked through many months of the magazine, but was never able to find the article. I have not been able to find a complete message like the one I read that night in any article in any magazine since, however I have found in other publications similar lessons about those who have passed on.    ",,citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Homemak,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1806,DEE,1370,28,,F,"I left the interview in a state of prayer. I wanted so badly to work in this hospital Whenever I do enter hospitals I am always aware of other Helper Beings are present. I was standing in the middle of the hallway, started to walk away, turned around and saw Jesus. I knew he wanted me to see him, to let me know he was there, had always been there even though times had been hard. he poured out an amazing indescribably love energy, but I also saw sadness in his face and some sorrow for those who suffer. He was carrying my pain.    ",,Canadian,"251,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,high sc,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1807,ME ,1432,40,,M,Because I have written extensively about my experience I have chosen to wait until I can attach a pdf document.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Psychot,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1808,DEE,1222,47,,F,"A ball of light appeared in the left corner of the room. It seemed to rotate or be in constant motion. There were voices, but they were all saying the same thing at the same time. It hovered there for a while, and then moved just below the ceiling fan, which was over my bed, at my feet. I had always thought that if I ever had an encounter I would be calm and ask questions. That didnt happen. I was terrified because I knew it was God, and I remembered I was horribly drunk. The ball of light said something to me. As much as I want to, I dont remember what, but it was something very short and simple. What I got from it was that God had a lot for me to do, and I couldnt do it as long as I was drinking. Something else I felt was love overwhelming, soothing love. Love that loved me even though I was drunk.     ",,American,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Educato,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1809,DEE,1251,40,,F,"My experience happened approximately 2 weeks after Sept 11, 2001. I had been meditating in bed and felt myself drift off. My now ex-husband was sleeping next to me. Suddenly there was a bright light surrounding me. I could not see anything but gold light. The brightness of the light began to dim so I could open my eyes. When I did, there was a beautiful Michael Angelo angel with me. It was very large, probably a good 7 feet with huge wings and a face that was so serene. It was the most beautiful face Ive seen. And filled with such kindness. I felt like I was in a huge warm wave because the vibration surrounding me was like being rocked by a gentle tide while lying in a boat. It was beyond comforting. The angle knew that I was very upset about the direction of humanity after 911 and told me, not with spoken words, but with telepathic words, that everything would be ok and that I needed to keep reminding people what brought us to that point. I needed to speak of bring love and not focus on hate or enemies. The angel told me it knew I felt very alone but to remember that I was not and that I should keep putting out the message of love. It touched my face and then it slowly vanished. I was sitting up in my bed and tears were streaming down my face and I cant even describe how I felt because there are no words...but I was the most comforted I had ever been in my life and felt like I belonged to God and the universe.    ",,Legal Cit,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,RN/mass,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1810,DEE,1490,48,,F,"Then, I saw a door that opened very slightly. Through that gap of the door I saw the light, such bright wonderful light behind the door. The light spoke to me but did not use words. I wrapped me up in a feeling of love and acceptance. It told me without words that I should not fear, not be afraid, that I was loved and accepted and forgiven. I so much wanted to see more of that light, to see more, but the light told me without words that if the gap would just open more, it would be too much for a human being. It made me understand that we humans cannot grasp the full meaning of the light, not in our human condition, but that we would become ONE with the light when our time comes and there would be joy and love. So now know. I try to share that knowledge of love and joy and the fact that there is nothing to fear. But I cannot find the right words to transmit this immense feeling.    ",,German,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,avera,littl,"0 24,999",maste,High sc,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1811,ME ,1414,44,,F,"I felt a heavy melancholy settle within me. It felt like my stomach had dropped out, and I was filled with a large black empty feeling. It was so weird, I told my husband about it. I had never felt that way. The room seemed filled with a gauze of gray cloudiness, that I referred to as drear. I stopped &amp; thought, What is happening here? Then I realized my mother had died. The feeling was so overwhelming, I was sure she had died at that instant, &amp; made a mental note of the time. I had never had so deep a feeling in my life. I told my husband my mom had died. He did not question. He asked if I wanted to call home, &amp; I said, No shes dead. Theres nothing more to do. He asked if I wanted to stop in Rockford where my mom lived, on the way home to Chicago. I said, No. We went to the art fair in Madison as planned, and I slowly prepared myself for what was to come seeing my estranged family again. On the way home to Chicago, we stopped in Rockford for dinner. My husband asked if I wanted to call home or stop. No. I wanted to go home. I needed time.    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,jewelry,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
1812,ME ,1553,42,,M,It is described in full detail in my webpage that Google brings up in search for nirvikalpa samadhi journey    ,,Born in B,2001 2,agnostic,atheist,Unaffilia,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Underwa,,divor,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1813,ME ,1036,17,,M,"I was one with the loving fabric of the universe and all that existed within it. I was also a bit psychic. Not in the sense that I could perceive the thoughts of others, but I could definitely sense the emotions and being and character of others. It was absolutely blissful.    ",,USA    Q.,"251,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,High sc,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1814,NDA,1339,36,,F,    ,,Australia,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,littl,"0 24,999",High,Home ma,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1815,ADC,1328,56,,F,"I was stunned when I saw the candle. I had never thought about the sun being a candle on someones birthday cake before this. An unburned candle in the middle of a beach in September was highly unusual. In fact, the candle was an exact match to the candles I had at home that fit a tiny brass holder and held the exact same candles that Alan and I had received a few years before at Christmas midnight mass. That size and shape candle is hard to find. The one I had at home was broken and I had looked to replace it for quite some time and never found one to match. I was speechless. I picked up the candle and tears of joy came to my eyes. In fact, that day I was having Alans mother over for lunch, as it was the first time we were experiencing his birthday since he died. She was also speechless when I told her the story. We burned the candle together while we had lunch.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Real Es,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1816,DEE,1201,35,,F,"I was comforted, I felt at peace. I felt strong when my mother died later that day, and I coped well with the days following, helping to support my family. I told some people about the experience and they thought it strange that my mothers spirit could have visited me when she was still alive. I was told later by someon else that it was likely to have been an angel who came to me, to give me strength. I am content to believ this assertion.    ",,British,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"25,000 49",maste,Busines,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1817,ME ,1137,17,,M,"Observed feelings of bliss. What i learned from this initial experience was that i could re-enter this state at will, particularly when relaxed and laying down. Came to understand that there is more than just the physical body. Still curious as to why this occurs and the full mechanics behind it.    ",,Australia,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",some,Hospita,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1818,ADC,1082,30,,F,"It was spontaneous. My brother had just passed away and I had just gotten home from his funeral. I just put my newborn baby into her crib and sat down. My brother said to me loudly check the baby. I just thought I was having an emotional feeling and ignored it. Again he said louder check the baby, again I ignored it thinking I was crazy from his death. A third time he said very very loudy CHECK THE BABY. I could not ignore it so I got up to check my newborn and she was BLUE. I shook her and she did not breath. I shook her again and she still did not breath. Then I remembered reading in a Respiratory Therapy book (my profession) that to get a baby to gasp you only had to pinch their feet. I pinched her foot and she gasped. I totally freaked out and picked up the baby and drove to my parents house to tell them my experience. They believed my without question. I went to my place of employment to pick up an apnea monitor (again, my profession). My baby never had any other episodes of apnea.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Junio,Respira,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1819,DEE,1008,30,,F,see #43    ,,US citize,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1820,ME ,1564,17,,F,"At the moment I stopped, there was a terrific CRACK! and lightning struck the house. The phone next to the doorway rang, and a flash of light leapt across the doorway and struck the metal latch plate. I was only inches from this flash of light and would have been in its path if I hadnt stopped the instant I did. But I had no idea why I stopped. There was no conscious decision on my part. I just stopped! Then Ka-pow! I stood there astonished for a few moments, and there came Dad down the hall in his bathrobe, asking if everything was okay. I said I was alright but I thought the phone had been fried. He picked up the receiver and said it was dead. I never knew if I would have been seriously harmed by that blast of electrons, but I felt some entity had protected me. That experience made me question how autonomous I really am and how much may be going on behind the scenes that Im not aware of. At the time, it didnt occur to me that at the soul level I may be on different wavelengths of time/perception/etc.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I was s,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1821,ME ,1558,49,,F,In the video we observed a light blue round object (Orb) fly in at a fast speed and bounce around as it watched the balloons fly away in the far.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,Medical,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1822,DEE,1275,22,,F,"As I walked down the hallway I felt as though I had hit a wall. The sounds in my ear were what felt like if someone were opening and closing their mouth into your ear. It were almost like words but were things I could not understand. The feeling of wind passing on top of it all gave me the assurance that my mother must be behind me. Wen I looked around and no one was there I was startled and started screaming. When I looked into my fathers room which lit up the hallway and his bedroom due to the television glow I noticed he was sitting wide awake in his chair smiling at me very calmly and said it was ok and to go back to bed. That instant all the memories of my dad explaining he had been visited by his angel had flashed into my mind and I panicked and said ok and went back into my room. Once there I felt no longer scared but so very grateful for the chance to witness that it was all real, that angels and god and heaven, its all real. I felt as though it was gods way if saying we are here and iChat my father was going to be ok and so was I.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",High,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1823,OBE,1341,66,,F,"I decided to take a Past-Life Workshop in the small, homey office of a hypnotist in Katonah, New York last year. Besides the hypnotist, another woman and myself were present. Before the session started, the pleasant hypnotist explained that she was going to hypnotize us. (I tried hypnosis one other time in my life but I couldnt be hypnotized. I thought, however, that I would try it again.) She said we would be going down a long flight of stairs. As we went down, we would be getting more and more tired. When we reached the bottom of the stairs, we would be hypnotized. Then she would direct us to go into a room where we would see who we were and where we were in our past life. It all sounded pretty okay, nothing scary. So, sitting in comfortable chairs, we closed our eyes and the leader directed us down a long flight of stairs. I remember the stairway was dark, but not frightening, and I was getting more and more tired. At the bottom of the stairs, she told us to open the door in front of us and go into the room but I saw a window opened and I flew out instead. I flew out into the dark universe. I wasnt in a spacecraft, it was just me flying. I remember just flying around in the darkness but not feeling afraid. I have a sensation that I was a young woman then, not my senior age at the time of this STE. I never actually heard anything. My experience was silent. I dont remember feeling cold or hot, but just right. I was wearing an ordinary set of clothes--pants and a top. I remember loving the experience of flying. I felt peaceful, serene and happy. I was flying alone, although I have a sense that my husband, Hank, was there from time to time. I remember seeing faraway stars and planets but I didnt land on anything. I was in heaven, in more ways than one. At some point I became aware that I was struggling to do something--waking up. I didnt want to leave the universe, I was enjoying flying so much, but I was awakening to my present human reality in the hypnotists office. When I awoke, the other woman was already awake. The hypnotist asked me if I was okay. I said yes. She said I was having a hard time waking up. She thought I fell asleep but I told her I wasnt sleeping. The other woman talked about her experience and then I talked about my flying experience. The woman and hypnotist didnt say anything while I was describing my OBE. The session ended pretty much there. I remember feeling strange about being in this strange world on Earth. I wasnt sure I was okay enough to go out into the street and drive my car home, but I was. I can still feel myself flying in the dark universe, feeling peaceful and happy. I hope that, when Im on my deathbed, I am able to call upon this feeling when it is my time to pass on into Eternity.          ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1824,DEE,1250,44,,F,"My father had been dead for about 5 years by this time. I dreamed I was in my parents home visiting my mother. Every detail in their home was exact...like I was awake in a dream. I was sitting on a recliner and my mother was sitting on the couch. I suddenly noticed I could not hear her speak. My father appeared next to her and began to speak to me. My mother continued to talk, albeit silently, and did not notice my father. My father told me that my oldest sister had cancer and he just wanted me to know because I have been the care taker in my family. He said it was to be expected because she had been living such a hard life. Then, he slowly vanished into nothingness and I was able to hear my mother speaking again.  Shortly there after the dream ended.     ",,United St,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,RN/hypn,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1825,DEE,1261,24,,F,"Earlier in the evening, I was very lonely as my new husband was gone a lot. I had only been married about 6 months, and I was beginning to realize that perhaps I had made a mistake marrying this man...that he wasnt all that in love with me. A few days earlier, I had said a prayer and asked if this was all there was to marriage and asked for help from God even though I want sure if there really was a God.  A few days later, I was asleep next to my husband. And I felt like I was having a dream with this bright light appearing. It was the brightest light I had ever seen...almost a piercing blue white light. I opened my eyes and realized this was not a dream at all! I looked into my closest where the doors were open and out of the left back side of the closest, the light radiated from. I wasnt scared...actually it was quite comforting. I quickly woke my husband up. He couldnt believe what he was seeing either. I kept saying, what is it? Is this real or are we imaging it. We both just sat there for about a minute staring at the light. Again, it was the brightest light I had ever seen but, the light didnt radiate throughout the room but stayed concentrated in the closest. After it disappeared, I just continued to sit up in bed trying to figure out what had just happened. Then, out of the blue, I began speaking in a language that I had never heard. My husband heard me, and thought I was going crazy. I had no idea what was happening. It wasnt scary....just really weird. This continued non stop for about 3 hours until I was completely exhausted and went to sleep at about 6am that am. When I woke up, I was completely perplexed as to what just happened to me. I decided I needed to go talk to someone about this so I went and visited with my priest at the Episcopal church at the time. He tried to explain it but, I was still perplexed as I had never heard of speaking I tongues, nor had I asked to have that given to me. To this day, I can still speak In tongues though I rarely do.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales f,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1826,ME ,1207,12,,M,"when i was given the anesthetic (mask), i immediately was out of it. what i saw and experienced was other worldly. i heard a musical vibrating sound (like a tuning fork) and music that i had never heard before or since. it was very melodic and somehow familiar, but not from this world. and i saw a spinning light that would seem to dart off in a direction when i would feel pain (probably from the procedure). the experience was very strange. nothing that has ever happened to me before or since compares to it.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"50,000 99",colle,student,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1827,NDE,1078,25,,M,"After the mask was placed on my face, the doctor told me to count backwards from 10. I began to count. When I got to 1, I realized I couldnt breathe. I also could not speak or move...or open my eyes.  I began to panic inside. I thought..Im going to die!  Immediately I started to try and think of something that would help me stay alive. Trapped inside my body and unable to move or speak, there werent many options. I thought that if I could just hold onto a thought with my mind, I would not die. So, I thought of a tree. I pictured a tree in my mind, imagined how it felt to be next to a tree, and kept repeating the word tree over and over.  I began to feel like I was moving through a dark tunnel. I felt afraid...and clung to my inner tree life rope as I moved along the dark passageway.  I moved through a darkness...murkiness... that included spirit like beings roaming around making some sounds... I did not recognize any of them...they were misty, grey entities floating around. I felt fear. I realized I could no longer see the word for tree in my mind...but I could still see the tree, and feel its presence.  I continued to move through the darkness and the spirits were gone. The tunnel was lighter. I had an instant awareness of my whole life...like a 360 degree view of everything about my life. It was extremely expansive knowing and deep knowledge. I no longer felt afraid. And I could no longer see the tree in my mind, but I could feel its presence. I was aware that there was a place I had traveled from...and I had family there... but I was not worried because I also knew that in the scheme of all I suddenly knew...all I was remembering had been just a flicker of time...my whole life had happened in less than a snap of my finger.  The light in the tunnel grew brighter and closer. I was travelling fast. Suddenly I burst though into a sea of Light...only Light.... I no longer felt the presence of the tree, because I realized I am the tree! I am everything! This was not a thought...but a knowing. An all expansive knowing.  The feeling was completely ecstatic...like an orgasm without a body. No body to limit the deep and ongoing BLISS. There were no words... just knowing. The knowing was The only thing that matters is Love... all Love It was timeless and so pure. The direct experience of Divine Love Then I became aware of something forming... like a vibration. I realized it was a thought coming into form... and the thought was: What about my son? (I had a 5 month old son at home) As soon as the vibration became a thought, I immediately began travelling back through the tunnel... fast!  I woke up in the recovery room.  I didnt tell anyone for 5 years....not even my husband.  The experience has profoundly changed my life... The experience memory has never faded...it is still more real than real.                  ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,mother,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1828,DEE,1279,33,,F,"That night, when I went to bed I was still shaken by the experience. I went to sleep and was awakened in the middle of a dream by a yellow/white light which seemed to be turning and was lightest at the edges. I heard a male voice telling me not to be afraid. I wasnt. In fact I was filled with immense love and peace. The male voice talked to me telepathically for a period of time telling me that earth was just a test, a proving ground so to speak. I asked the voice what I was expected to do. Become a nun or what. The voice answered saying just live a good kind and loving life. Id move on to a different plain of being. I have to say that this voice filled me with a love that I cant describe and have never felt so strongly again.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,never,never,undec,littl,"50,000 99",Junio,office,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1829,ME ,1156,63,,F,"I have been seeing crystal triangles for 13 years. There is no particular interval between. The triangles are very bright and should hurt my eyes but do not and are like the crystals from a rainbow maker only much more intense. They link to me and I feel some alteration within myself, like enhancing my awareness. Its difficult to do anything else when this happens. I heard nothing. Asked my husband to join me and put the triangles over his head. The triangles stay in the same place in my vision wherever I turn my head. My eyes are healthy and I only wear glasses for driving and very close work. They are tested regularly. The triangles lasted around 20 minutes and my husband saw only my aura which he said was silver. He could feel something but could not be specific. I sat in meditation and opened chakras. I feel that what I received was some affirmation that my spiritual pathway is on the right lines and my progress was moving forwards. I had a strong feeling to phone another medium and friend of the one who had gone to spirit. We had a long conversation and exchanged some useful information that each needed.    ",,British,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Some,Yoga Tu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1830,ADC,1110,42,,M,"Sr. Mary Joan was 96 when she deceased. She had a particular devotion to St. Theresa, The little Flower. When Sister would petition the Little Flower typically the sign of flowers would appear. Sister once told me that when I met my wife, I would receive a sign and I did.  I had bought a new cell phone, Sister was ill but not dying or anything. I had not spoke to her in a couple of months and had been meaning to go to Camilla Hall (IHM nun retirement) for a visit.  One day while checking for a water leak outside on December 13th, I noticed my rosebushes were in bloom. I immediately thought of Sister and what is she up too now. I called and was told she died. I clipped the roses and gave one to each of my family and put the rest in a bag for her niece. I didnt know how many there were so I dropped off the bag. 5 siblings and 5 roses. I know in my heart of hearts the roses were a sign of her giving me a heads up on her passing. We were very close. She died a month before.    ",,USA Citiz,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Softwar,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1831,OBE,1371,26,,M,"What I observed, felt and saw were the most real things I ever experienced. As I slept, I didnt just float away I shot off like a rocket. I was going warp speed with a destination pre-programmed. I didnt know consciously where I was headed, I just knew I was going. It was very much the sensation of flying through space. It was dark like space, but I dont remember darkness. I do recall zooming past worlds, orbs really, not planets in the physical sense, but worlds nonetheless, near and far. I traveled at this warp speed what I could sense was a vast distance, multitudes beyond what we even have measurements for. When I came out of my travels, I found myself in the presence of these two men as described above.  And HERE is the most remarkable, profound, and intense part of this experience: Despite their important work of apparently saving a large population, when I arrived there, they both turned their full attention to me. Here, words truly lose their meaning. I have great reverence for these two men and the work they were seemingly doing, yet despite this they afforded me their full attention and admiration and love. They were happy to see ME! But it was so much more than that. I felt all of the infinite and unconditional love of the universe, the acceptance, everything Dr. Eben discussed in his book, if I may use that cop-out in lieu of attempting to describe the indescribable.  At the time, I had been dealing with being disrespected as a new EMT in a culture that big on attitude and tradition and small on respect. I learned one of the most important lessons of my life in that moment: That every being on earth is greeted with %1,000 full attention, love, admiration, and acceptance by God, with no regard to anything else thats going on. I cant fathom how its possible to everywhere and doing everything at once, despite the fact that I experienced beings capable of that while making me the center and sole focus of all that infinite love.  I clumsily and, I feel, stupidly introduced myself as Josh, from Oregon, as though that would have made sense. It did, apparently. As we all floated above this world with refugees down below, information was exchanged. There was a discussion. I do not recall nor did I upon waking- that discussion that was shared between the three of us. I was there to experience what I had upon my arrival. My mother, whom I was best friends with, died in 2002. My family was shattered, but I was the apple of my mothers eye. Her death is something that I still havent dealt with fully. I sense that this was at the heart of that exchange, however it was with some other part of me that I dont have access to right now.  When this conversation concluded, whatever it was, I remember making the journey back to my body. It was the exact same immeasurable distance, yet the time it took was very... well, there was no quick or slow about it. It just was. When I arrived back to my body, I snapped awake.  I immediately called my father who had been close friends with Pir Vilayat. My dad was very supportive and receptive, even happy that I had such a special dream.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,EMT-Bas,,single,single,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
1832,DEE,1025,43,,F,    ,,U.S. citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Registe,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1833,ME ,1359,48,,F,"My cousin seemed to be kind of sweaty like she had been working hard. She asked me a question that seemed to reverberate across many times and many people and many connections and many places. It was a question that could be applied to any of our family or loved ones or the human race even. It seemed timeless and very expansive. I saw like a rolodex all the people my cousin wanted to know about, as if she could some how page through my heart and mind and bring out everyone in pick form quickly. The question was, and it was directly to my heart/mind not spoken. She wanted to know if The marriage was alright if it was healthy and strong. I felt she was asking about my own marriage as well as someone elses I told her my marriage was good, strong. Some how in stating this it seemed to make her feel assured and more relaxed. I asked her if she was okay, through my heart/mind, she said she was fine, that she was doing a lot of good work here. Then. I woke up!    ",,Citizen,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,Librari,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1834,DEE,1299,22,,M,"I entered my bedroom, sat down on a cushioned window seat, and the sobbing continued. Moments later, I felt a tingling in my arms, kind of like they had fallen asleep, though I wasnt sitting in a way that impaired blood flow. Moments later, my arms rose from my sides and my hands literally came together in prayer in front of my chest. I watched in complete wonderment as this occurred. And I suddenly felt in my heart a very clear instruction that I needed to get on my knees and pray. But I was refused. I didnt understand why prayer was necessary. In fact, it seemed like an act of subservience that made me uneasy. Meanwhile, my arms and hands were literally vibrating, and my hands were stuck together that literally, I was unable to pull them apart. Why is this happening to me, I wondered. And I suddenly understood that I was dying. No sooner did that thought cross my mind, my hands fell back to my sides--thus making a connection in my mind between the thought I was dying and the release of my hands from the unseen force, and the immediate cessation of the tingling sensations. Given how strange this all was, it seemed perfectly logical to me that I was indeed dying. My mother was spiritual, so I thought I better go downstairs and tell her. In the living room, I sat beside my mother and told her what had just happened. She told me to go ahead and pray. I told her I couldnt, and that I was dying. She was very spiritual. When she heard this, she thought perhaps a part of me was dying, to make room for something else... but I wasnt physically dying. I told her she was wrong. She checked my temperature. I had a fever of 103. She went to get some aspirin, and told me to to relax. After I took the aspirin, I lay down on the living room couch, and thats when a spiritual being showed up. I heard him as clear as day, talking in my head, just as if he was in the room with me. The first thing he said to me was, Ok, lets go! When he said that, I could feel a pulling sensation all of a sudden on the region of my solar plexus. If the soul was real, it felt like he was reaching in and pulling my soul out of my body. It was a very uncomfortable and unusual feeling, and I reacted to it by kicking my feet on the couch. When I did this, the pulling, or suction-y feeling stopped. Long story short, this fight to stay went on for more than an hour. I remained lucid throughout the whole experience, conversing with my family while also telepathically conversing with this Being. The longer I resisted, the more this Being resorted to threatening me. I didnt care--no matter what the threats (Stay and youll be crazy, no one will ever understand you, your family wont remember a thing--their memories will be wiped) I refused to go wherever it was this Being was intent on taking me. Finally, fed up with my refusal, the Being told me he wasnt leaving empty handed. If I didnt come then and there, he would cause my father to have a massive heart attack, and he would take my father. My father and I had had a long and stormy relationship, however, I didnt have to think about that threat. I immediately relented and agreed to come. But I asked to say goodbye to my family first--which he permitted. I literally kissed and hugged everyone who was there and said goodbye. It was the saddest moment I have ever experienced. Then I told the Being I was finally ready, and I heard a voice (a different voice than the Being) tell me it wasnt my time. For a while I pleaded to go. I was ready. But it was no use. My fever broke, and I felt better than I had ever felt in my life-- and I appreciated my life like I had never appreciated it before.     ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",some,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1835,ME ,1074,49,,F,"i could hear her in my mind and feel her in the breeze the earth the sun part of the trees wispering to me. Understanding not hearing that she was here with me in me part of all of me and the cosmos in all things and in one felled swoop I understood the meaning God is everywhere, omnipotent,  I got it ! I felt a comprehension a connection that all is one. This is really the third time this has happened . Always in conjunction with nature no drugs or alcohol etc. I felt euphoric my grief changed in a sense and I felt my Mothers Joy!! I new she was happy and with her beloved Jesus. She had unwavering faith. I was awed again and knew that like birth, death is a miracle, the same as coming is the passage of going a miracle!    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Commerc,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1836,ADC,1233,45,,F,"One morning about six weeks after Chelsy died I had this overwhelming urge to call Diana. I didnt know why or what I would say but I called her right right after I got out of the shower, wet head and all.....at the end of the reading she said wait, wait....your daughter is coming to me.....its her....she is with a guide....hes someone from your past, helping her now.....she is not speaking but she wants you to know how happy she is....she is holding up pictures of beautiful flowers, vivid colors, she is smiling from ear to ear. Then she said Chelsy wants you to know how much love her body holds for you. And that her job in heaven was to help her sister Carrie. At that point I lost it, again crying uncontrollably....I had never heard of an encounter like this. Afterwards I wrote it all down so I wouldnt forget it.....then like Dr Alexander I read everything I could get my hands on. Hello from Heaven comes to mind along with Embraced by the Light......I was obscessed to learn everything that I could about what had happened. I didnt tell too many people as I knew my Christian friends may be judgemental about my involvement with the psychic. Hell, after all I had been through, who should judge...God was merciful to me; Diana helped me more than any counselor ever did in my lifetime.    ",,"USA, born","25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,My back,,divor,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1837,ME ,1362,40,,F,well I saw my father sitting up in his hospital bed completely bathed in light white white light. He was glowing. He was very happy. The ventilation tube had been removed from his throat. He said to us that the worst part about the surgery was the ventilation tube and machine. He was so glad to have it out. I told me Mom about it and I had a strong feeling that my dad was going to be fine and come away okay from the surgery. When I told my Mom she wondered if the bright light could have meant my Dad had died. But I assured her that I knew he was going to be just fine. Well. That day when we visited my Dad in the hospital he was sitting up in bed there was light from the window on him illuminating him! He said The worst part of it all was the ventilation tube.    ,,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,moder,"100,000+",maste,Childre,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1838,DEE,1336,37,,F,It was just like a tiny orb darting in then out of the room. I was a little scared but also a little comforted thinking it might be my grandfather. It moved fast and deliberate. I never stayed at my grandmothers house again in fear that it might happen again.     ,,uS citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,Stay at,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1839,ADC,1055,48,,F,"All of the ADCs I experienced gave me comfort because I knew it was my mother. She could not speak to me before her passing, only I could speak to her which I did. So I knew that she wanted to let me know she was okay. We were very close as many mothers and daughters are, and I knew she was sending her love.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",docto,Doctor,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1840,DEE,1369,50,,F,"At the age of 50, I had an experience that transformed my life. I had been working with a tool in a secluded area of my home. I left the room for a few minutes, but when I returned, the tool had \xe2\x80\x9cvanished\xe2\x80\x9d and was never seen again. After exhausting every possible explanation for the disappearance, I felt my world falling apart. For the next few days, all I could do was to walk round and round the house in the hope that somehow the tool would mysteriously reappear. The experience was like being thrown into an alien universe, where all the laws of the only universe I had ever known had ceased to exist \xe2\x80\x93 it was like living in a world without gravity. When I eventually regained my composure, I began thinking of ways to solve the mystery. I had heard that the CIA uses psychics, so I made an appointment with one of these people in my area. Although he could not see what had happened to the tool, the psychic indicated that a being on the other side wanted to communicate with me. He described her as wearing a nurse\xe2\x80\x99s uniform and giving her first name as Edith. He could not understand her surname, but he thought it started with a C or a K. When I suggested \xe2\x80\x9cEdith Cavell\xe2\x80\x9d, he told me that was correct. (He had obviously never heard of the remarkable English nurse). Through the psychic, Edith accurately described a pendant I owned. She said I should hold it completely still and then ask her a question. If the answer was \xe2\x80\x98yes\xe2\x80\x99, the pendant would move one way; if the answer was \xe2\x80\x98no\xe2\x80\x99, it would move another way. Being of a sceptical disposition, I did not believe that something I owned could ever move of its own accord. But on arriving home, I did what Edith had suggested and to my absolute astonishment, the pendant moved as she had indicated \xe2\x80\x93 either vertically or horizontally. After a new months of fruitful yes/no communication, I asked Edith a question one day, but instead of its usual movements, the pendant swung around in a circle. Eventually I discovered that a circle indicated the need to rephrase the question. Not long after that, Edith changed her mode of communication to one where she caused my hand to move in different directions. Then one day I asked a question, but there was no response. It turned out that Edith was handing me over to someone else. The only way I could ascertain the name of this being was to go through the alphabet. I found it almost impossible to believe that the name of the new guide I was being given was Aristotle. I was in such a state of anxiety that I contacted a renowned psychic without giving him any information about myself. At the consultation he told me he was being given a vision of philosophers in Ancient Greece. This gave me reassurance that I was not losing my mind. Aristotle told me that I should apply to do a PhD in philosophy, and that I should do a lot of background reading. To this day I have never been to a philosophy lecture \xe2\x80\x93 let alone studied in the field. When I eventually rang the Professor I had chosen, he \xe2\x80\x9cforgot\xe2\x80\x9d to ask me about the previous work I had done in philosophy.  After being accepted by the University, I began a difficult journey, but I had a wonderful supervisor who carried me through. At one point Aristotle said I would need to use a concept by the very early philosopher, Anaximander. Of course I had never heard of this thinker, but I used his concept to unite the various ideas I was presenting. Later on, Aristotle handed me over to the modern French philosopher, Jacques Derrida. By this time I had become used to the miraculous, which was just as well, because I found Jacques\xe2\x80\x99 writing difficult to grasp. In the end, thanks to all the help I was given from the other side, the two examiners I had described my dissertation as \xe2\x80\x9coutstanding\xe2\x80\x9d. (It is titled \xe2\x80\x9cHeidegger and the mystery of being\xe2\x80\x9d and is on the web). Among other things it addresses the question of mysticism, and I am now interested in relating mystical experiences to the idea of the divine. From what I have read in Dr. Alexander\xe2\x80\x99s book, and from my own experience, it seems difficult to conceive of God as an all-powerful being who sends people to hell if they don\xe2\x80\x99t repent. The evidence seems to be overwhelming that the whole of the universe is love.     ",,Australia,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",docto,church,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
1841,ADC,1050,42,,F,"The second dream she came to me in white clothing walking down a long stairway with another lady and she looked peaceful. She also came to my husband, he asked her to stay, she said she couldnt, that she was with Jesus and that she was happy.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,I was a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1842,ME ,1359,48,,F,"My cousin seemed to be kind of sweaty like she had been working hard. She asked me a question that seemed to reverberate across many times and many people and many connections and many places. It was a question that could be applied to any of our family or loved ones or the human race even. It seemed timeless and very expansive. I saw like a rolodex all the people my cousin wanted to know about, as if she could some how page through my heart and mind and bring out everyone in pick form quickly. The question was, and it was directly to my heart/mind not spoken. She wanted to know if The marriage was alright if it was healthy and strong. I felt she was asking about my own marriage as well as someone elses I told her my marriage was good, strong. Some how in stating this it seemed to make her feel assured and more relaxed. I asked her if she was okay, through my heart/mind, she said she was fine, that she was doing a lot of good work here. Then. I woke up!    ",,Citizen,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,Librari,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1843,OBE,1383,39,,F,Please look under 11.    ,,Swedish.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Medical,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1844,ME ,1549,56,,F,See answers above.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unity,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",docto,Mother,,divor,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1845,SDE,1563,44,,M,"I had this very vivid dream about my friend who was lying down in a hospital bed. In real life i had visit him the day prior and was lying unconscious in his hospital bed, under heavy sedation and palliative care. In my dream i was visiting him again but he woke up, and stared directly at me, not a word was exchanged but i had the strong feeling he was saying goodbye. I woke up then.    ",,canadian,2001 2,atheist,agnostic,Christian,Other,,,never,never,undec,none,"0 24,999",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1846,NDE,1078,25,,M,"After the mask was placed on my face, the doctor told me to count backwards from 10. I began to count. When I got to 1, I realized I couldnt breathe. I also could not speak or move...or open my eyes.  I began to panic inside. I thought..Im going to die!  Immediately I started to try and think of something that would help me stay alive. Trapped inside my body and unable to move or speak, there werent many options. I thought that if I could just hold onto a thought with my mind, I would not die. So, I thought of a tree. I pictured a tree in my mind, imagined how it felt to be next to a tree, and kept repeating the word tree over and over.  I began to feel like I was moving through a dark tunnel. I felt afraid...and clung to my inner tree life rope as I moved along the dark passageway.  I moved through a darkness...murkiness... that included spirit like beings roaming around making some sounds... I did not recognize any of them...they were misty, grey entities floating around. I felt fear. I realized I could no longer see the word for tree in my mind...but I could still see the tree, and feel its presence.  I continued to move through the darkness and the spirits were gone. The tunnel was lighter. I had an instant awareness of my whole life...like a 360 degree view of everything about my life. It was extremely expansive knowing and deep knowledge. I no longer felt afraid. And I could no longer see the tree in my mind, but I could feel its presence. I was aware that there was a place I had traveled from...and I had family there... but I was not worried because I also knew that in the scheme of all I suddenly knew...all I was remembering had been just a flicker of time...my whole life had happened in less than a snap of my finger.  The light in the tunnel grew brighter and closer. I was travelling fast. Suddenly I burst though into a sea of Light...only Light.... I no longer felt the presence of the tree, because I realized I am the tree! I am everything! This was not a thought...but a knowing. An all expansive knowing.  The feeling was completely ecstatic...like an orgasm without a body. No body to limit the deep and ongoing BLISS. There were no words... just knowing. The knowing was The only thing that matters is Love... all Love It was timeless and so pure. The direct experience of Divine Love Then I became aware of something forming... like a vibration. I realized it was a thought coming into form... and the thought was: What about my son? (I had a 5 month old son at home) As soon as the vibration became a thought, I immediately began travelling back through the tunnel... fast!  I woke up in the recovery room.  I didnt tell anyone for 5 years....not even my husband.  The experience has profoundly changed my life... The experience memory has never faded...it is still more real than real.                  ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,mother,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1847,ME ,1126,51,,F,"I felt at one with a far greater presence than I had ever felt...a loving, and entirely loving presence..... I think the presence was there to help me and to help my father as he passed from this world to the next. I felt I was being thanked for being with my father, and being shown a little of what Love really is. I felt immensely grateful and honoured by the exprience    ",,British C,1 2000,atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I ran a,,marri,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1848,ME ,1204,25,,M," I was so overcome by all of this and feeling so ecstatic that I thought I couldn`t take any more of it or I would burst. with an effort of will I brought myself back to earth ,so to speak. All this happened 40 years ago but it is unforgetable. I have tried many times to induce this experience since then but to no avail.    ",, U.K.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio, electr,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1849,DEE,1273,19,,F,What was observed was the white light and the image of Jesus. There was no sound at all. I saw His image but my friend did not. She remembers everything but did not see Him just outside the door. It confirmed in me that it all exists. It wasnt just something we talked about every Sunday Leaving it in the Hands of God wasnt just something to say...we can definitely rely on Him.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Clerica,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1850,ADC,1118,40,,F,    ,,citizen U,"251,00",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",Did not,housewi,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1851,ADC,1402,29,,F,"At the time, I described it as the most real and vivid dream I have ever had. In the dream, my deceased grandfather was communicating with me. He had passed away approximately ten years earlier and I had always said that I couldnt believe how much I missed him, even so many years after his death. This was my first loss and I took his death very hard because he had always been my father figure- my birth father had never been around (and died when I was 5), AND my relationship with my adoptive father was not close at all. Some specific details of the dream were not clear such as where we were or in what capacity my grandfather came to me, but I do remember that in the dream, I was very aware that it was impossible (in my understanding) for him to be there, communicating with me. My response in the dream was basically, How can this be, you are dead? I dont believe he said much to me, but I was so excited to have this time with him and I remember wanting to introduce him to my life since his death. I had no kids when he died and I wasnt married although I was dating my now husband. So, in the dream, I was feverishly trying to catch him up on all the events of my life...getting married, having two beautiful kids, going to university to become a teacher. I wanted him to be proud of me and I wanted so desperately to keep him around and involved in my life.  When I woke up, I truly felt that I had really lived this dream...a feeling I had never had with a dream and I remember wanting to cry because it was so real and vivid and now that I was awake, I couldnt get it back.  This has never happened again, and I always wondered if it was more than a dream.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"50,000 99",some,Stay at,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1852,ME ,1048,40,,F,"I was exhausted, and VERY fearful..I was always on alert that someone (doctor/nurse) would approach me to tell me that he was gone..I knew I could not handle this...and felt if I was alert and watchful I could hold them off..it was exhausting ..this alertness...this seemed something that was constant...even tho I was exhausted I felt I had to be watchful...and this would keep them away...so when I was sitting in a chair watching the hands of the clock tick away approaching 12:00 midnight...so I could visit the ICU..I apparently drifted off as I had this vision: Faces of people started appearing before, just faces and they were lined up behind each other..it was dark around the faces, yet the faces were normal and they kept coming at me; one by one they would pass as they approached me, the the next one would come, I knew there were more of them...I did not recognize them nor did I try at the time...After several passed, something caught my eye on the next face, FEAR overcame me and I Stopped It...something really frightened me about this face..it was that Alertness thing..I noticed something on the bridge of this mans nose..wasnt sure what it was..sort of like a long worm laying across the bridge of his nose...I was afraid to let him pass..didnt know what it was or what it meant, but it frightened me so..but after a while I knew I HAD to let him pass, so I let him do so very slowly.. stop and go...he had dark hair and a full face and this thing on the bridge of the nose.. I looked at him carefully with the fearful thing.....then behind him was a woman with reddish hair...and then it was over, I sort of woke up and it was 12:00 and I went down to he ICU..he passed a few days later.    ",,Born rais,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Insuran,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1853,DEE,1234,24,,M,"Introduction While I read through \xe2\x80\x9cProof of Heaven\xe2\x80\x9d I was struck by the similarity of several distinct items that were present within a spiritual experience that occurred to me. The items that Dr. Eben Alexander presented in \xe2\x80\x9cProof of Heaven that were similar if not identical to what I experienced are as follows: 1.) Peoples clothes were natural to the environment. 2.) The experiences were perceived to be magnitudes more real than normal life. 3.) The \xe2\x80\x9cglorious chant\xe2\x80\x9d was everywhere and came from many places. 4.) A exhilarating sense of unity with all that exists. 5.) Dr. Eben Alexanders description of communication as, \xe2\x80\x9cthoughts that entered me directly\xe2\x80\x9d is similar to the direct communication with the Word of God that came upon me. The Word communicated as if through every subatomic particle field--not through words but through the Word of God. Although the religious experience written here is in dream format, the information transferred and situations experienced were of a supra consciousness nature. The religious experience developed as an independent psychological process over a twenty year period--from adolescence to adulthood. The religious experience happened to me at age 24 on September 03, 1979. I am 57 years old. Since I was 24 years old I have had no extraordinary psychological experiences. Personal experiences with direct spiritual development of consciousness are eternal and transcend both living experiences and after death experiences. Heaven is not strictly an after death state and something, perhaps a \xe2\x80\x9ccosmic mind,\xe2\x80\x9d interacts with the human brain and shares some obscure affinity with each human mind. In a sense \xe2\x80\x9cIt\xe2\x80\x9d is omnipresent; heaven is all around us but we typically fail to see it. Both living and after death experiences attest to this fact. This experience is of the living variety.  The Trances From age 4 through 21 I had experienced approximately 10 trances that would take me to what seemed like another dimension. My first recollection, of two symbols that appeared in one form or another throughout the trances and in the religious experience, was from a time as a kid with high fever. I saw two sparkling nuns that were walking along an infinite seashore. Children were playing beneath a sun umbrella and fragile autumn leaves blew across the sand. I perceived an infinitely dense black line coming from the sky to crush the leaves, the sun umbrella and the children. I cried out, \xe2\x80\x9cthe line. the line\xe2\x80\x9d as my mother put cold water and rubbing alcohol on my forehead to reduce the fever. The trances stopped occurring during fever (associated with illness) around 10 years old. But I would try to stay awake by watching T.V. late into the night because I knew the trance would take place if I fell asleep and that scared me. Usually when the trance started Id get up out of bed and sit in a chair. The experience then caused the world to fade out. The walls of the room would disappear and a dark space with two huge dense masses of sparkling energy would transfer their energy back and forth through a sparkling, connecting line along which the energy flowed. I had no recognition of my presence. When the one mass would become infinitesimal to the point of disappearing, the other would become dense and heavy. Then I would become frightened. But, eventually, the energy would transfer out of the dense and heavy sparkling mass along the line and back into the one that almost disappeared. The last few times, around 20 years old, when I experienced the trances, the episodes were witnessed without fear. Id get up out of bed, sit on a couch and simply watch the show. Afterwords, I thought that was really strange but it didnt make any sense so I didnt think much of it. When I was 24 years old, at a time when my mind was biologically mature, I had a profound religious experience that seemed to be the end result of the trances. It was in the form of a dream that I could understand. Although this experience was in dream-like symbolism. I experienced it far greater than waking life experiences. Perception and emotion while in it had been enhanced. I often referred to an increase of reality to a magnitude of 10 when recounting the experience. Carl Jung stated that what acts is actual and this experience was actually the most intense experience in my life. Like a dream that you try to recall, while it fades away with the more time that passes between waking and the writing of it, much of the details escaped my memory at the time of writing it. I was in tears and quite overwhelmed upon waking but some parts of the dream that I remember and wrote are still remembered along with the emotional intensity as evidenced in my consistent effort",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Machini,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1854,ME ,1548,30,,F,See answer above.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Unity,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",docto,Wife an,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1855,ADC,1448,63,,F,"In an instant, I was wherever Prince was. I recall the vivid brightness that didnt hurt my eyes but was incredible. I was standing on I would have to say green grass, a more brilliant green than any imaginable. Around me were a few bushes and small clumps of flowers, very brilliant colors but they were not what was interesting me. Ahead and slightly left was a white structure, like stucco, astoundingly brilliant white, think it had an A pitched white roof, and was full of open round arch windows....no actual windows just openings. From my vantage point my brown and white Paint horse, Prince, was on the far side of this structure, racing to the right and then left, then right, I felt in an effort to come to me, but he couldnt. I could see him beyond all these arched openings. Then I was jolted to the reality that I had seen him, he was ok, and I was happily upset.     ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1856,NDA,1307,40,,F,"I was asleep and was suddenly awaken by my fathers hand shaking my arm. He was telling me that he had to go. I begged him not to. He seemed angry and told me he had to. I woke with tears in my eyes. I thought it was a dream, but it seemed so real. I almost called his house, but it was 3:00 am. The next morning, I called to see if everything was alright, and my mother assured me that all was well. The following month, he died suddenly.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Real Es,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
1857,ME ,1440,21,,F,"Dear Dr. Alexander, Thank you so much for your book, Proof of Heaven. I have not had a NDE, but I experience a variety of connections with/in my own body. I thought I would share them with you so that you might be able to incorporate these ideas and implications into the knowledge you now possess. Mini-bio: I am 32 years old, lesbian, a former college athlete, white, middle-class/U.S., non-religious. When I was in my teens, I was inexplicably drawn to spiritual books for the greater part of 2-3 years, and then that continued into college (previously, I detested reading anything). There was no explanation for this; I detested organized religion as well. I read books by Brian Weiss Many Lives, Many Masters; Charles Tart (actually flew to California to see him speak); Gary Schwartz, among many others. I found myself reading anything and everything I could find on reincarnation, psychics, NDEs, mystical ideas and the like. As I read more, it seemed like the reading experience was such that the more I read, the deeper I went into things I already knew...and that is what kept me reading. In part, I also think that I connected this knowledge with a more sociological knowledge of the body/spirit, particularly by way of sexuality since I was also, simultaneously, coming into the awakening of my sexuality and the relationship between aesthetic experience and physical sensation. For me, there was this immediate connection between sexuality and spirituality. At any rate, I went on in college to major in psychology, sociology, and religion/philosophy. I was one of the very few students in school that defended the reality of psi phenomenon, having never literally not really experienced it myself up to that point. I read the stories and just knew they were real. As I read more, and defended the idea more and more, I began to experience more in the way of expanded consciousness. All of this started shortly after this 2-3 year stint of reading. My clairvoyance is somehow limited by time; I know things are going to happen and Im informed of them, but only about 10 minutes prior. I receive information/images in the waking state in the form of symbolic interactions i.e. ideas are communicated by the meaning my psyche will construct if I cogitate about what very material relations actually mean or feel like specifically to me i.e. the particular is what carries the universal intent of the message/the lesson. In your terminology, I think that is my bodys way of adapting to the inflow of messages that it knows are from the outside. Most often, it goes like this: I will be receiving information that I can feel is information coming through and I will pay very close attention to the content because I know it is not just my own random thoughts (i.e. I would probably be a good receiver in telepathic studies). I will then obsess about what I can make of the structural relations of that content in the very context of my theoretical/sociological categories/knowledge...because it seems to me that it is in figuring out that puzzle that explains why it is that Im receiving that message. Sometimes I can figure out who it needs to reach. I guess this ties in with the quotation on your website that all thoughts and actions are interconnected...and that is true at every level. Story 2: Although it may have nothing or everything do with me, the night I was on my bed studying, crying, and mourning my deceased cousin who died the night prior she came to visit me by staging a physical impossibility... because she knew that would register to me (Im also a very scientific mind I see the possible by way of the impossible. My family makes fun of me for always asking for percentages and probabilities in all aspects of life). :) Anyway, the night prior to this, I remember the light bulb above my bed blowing out I could hear the filament hit the glass of the bulb. Nonetheless, I had left the light switch up/circuit open. As I was sitting there crying the second night, thinking about Beth, and feeling guilty that we had not connected more the year before when she requested that, the light illuminated in a fashion akin to those lights that very gradually get brighter/lighter by touch. It lasted for about 10 seconds. It illuminated in a way that is not possible given the type of light it is; it wasnt on a dimmer switch. And the visual was as if a blast of energy had simply traveled through the space. I know to a degree of 100% that this light bulb had totally and completely blown out the night prior. I was sitting in the exact same place. I immediately knew it was her, and was immediately brought to tears, again. I verbally thanked her. The next day I took the light bulb to a philosophy professor of mine who was very familiar with modern physics. He was a materialist. I told him what happened, asked if there was s",,U.S. citi,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",maste,I didnt,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1858,DEE,1255,19,,F,What I learned was that we are not the only being occupying this space    ,,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,student,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
1859,OBE,1200,4,,F,"As the abuse was happening, I recall feeling like I couldnt move and as I looked up into the corner of the room, above the television, I saw myself floating there looking down at myself. The floating version of me seemed ethereal and I recall not seeing an entire body. Then I can hear the television and it felt like I was going back and forth between the floating me and the me on the sofa. I dont recall how long this lasted, and I dont recall anything afterwards.    ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,None,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1860,NDA,1180,53,,F,"I began to feel a spinning sensation and heard a buzzing noise as I was beginning to either leave my body or lose consciousness. I cried out mentally to God God! Im not ready! I felt inadequate to face judgment and aware of so many personal failings. Immediately, absolutely immediately upon having prayed that short prayer, the buzzing and the spinning slowed down and when it stopped I was able to get up. I promptly vomited three or four times due to the nicotine poisoning.     ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Nursing,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1861,ADC,1464,17,,F,"When we were ending I look outside the window, and there was a person looking at me from the square that was in front of the school, I remember that I have my hand in my chin, and I ask myself, is He looking at me?. then I see this person gives me a big smile, I didnt recognized him till that moment, it was my grandfather looking a lot younger with black and white hair, a jacket and jeans I only see in a photograph in which he was with my when I was a month old. Then I knew he has passed away. He have had Alzheimer for as long I remember, and that smile tells me that all was alright, He was finally at peace and free of that prision that have him bedridden for almost two years. I got out of classes and walk to me grandparents houses that was four bloks away, I found my mom in the way and tells me about my grandfather death, i just tell her I know.    ",,Citizen,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,High Sc,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1862,ADC,1514,40,,F,"I was sleeping with my 9 year old son, Connor. My brother, Tripp, came to wake me up to tell me that my step-mother had called to tell him my father had passed away. I believe the time was 2:36 a.m. or close to that. When Tripp whispered to my from the hallway, I immediately jolted awake. I knew why he was waking me. He told me that he was going to my dads house, but that I should not go. I went downstairs to tell my husband that my dad had passed. Looking back, I was very calm. I was not crying or upset. My dad and I had an extremely close relationship. I was wide awake, so it was not that I wasnt fully understanding, I just wasnt upset for some reason. I went back upstairs and quietly got back in bed so as not to wake up my son. As soon as I lay back down, I fell back to sleep with no problem at all. (Another thing that seems strange given the situation.) It seems as soon as I feel asleep, I wasnt really sleep anymore, but sitting on my couch at my own home in Savannah. I looked up from my couch down the hall to my front door. Our front door has glass panes in it. Through the panes, I could see my dad standing there. He looked young like he did when I was a little girl. He had on seersucker pants, a starched white shirt and a bright yellow tie. I couldnt believe what I was seeing. I slowly walked to the door. Time seemed to go very slowly. He was patiently waiting and just smiling at me through the glass, his eyes never leaving mine. As I made my way to the door, I knew that he shouldnt be there. I also wondered how I got from the bed at my brothers house to my house in Savannah. I knew that he was gone and should not be here on earth. As I opened the door, he smiled, and said, Hey there, Sweet Girl...I promised you I would come back to see you in Savannah. I just stood there for what seemed like a long time and then slowly walked to him and started to hug him, but then I remembered the pain it caused when I hugged him because of the tumors in his abdomen. But he sensed my hesitation, and said, It is OK Sweet Girl. You cant hurt me anymore. There is no more pain. Then he walked through the front door, into my foyer and straight up my staircase where he just kind of vanished...I stood and watched him walk away, then I just immediately woke up, and I was wide awake, and the dream was as real and vivid as if I had just been standing at my front door. I was not groggy at all or scared or sad. I was so happy and comforted that he had come to me. I could still feel our hug. I looked at the clock and less than 40 minutes had passed since my brother had come in to tell me that my dad had passed away. I lay there for over an hour replaying the dream. Then as I was falling asleep, I begged and begged him to come back.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,avera,avera,"50,000 99",maste,Realtor,,marri,marri,Unc,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1863,NDE,1215,20,,F,"Instantly the pain stopped and I found myself in the most beautiful place, no shape, no form, every thing was rose colored and the music that I heard was indescribably beautiful. I felt no pain only the deepest of peace, no other forms or persons, just the color pink totally surrounding me and holding me. But I coudnt stay there and the next thing I knew I was back in the delivery room and the first thing I heard was my sons healthy cry.  I learned that God had a special purpose for my life or He never would have brought me back into this painfilled world. But I now had 2 little children who needed me to be their mother and I have been that for the past 52 years amongst a whole lot of other roles.    ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Housewi,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1864,ME ,1061,42,,F,"The air seemed thicker like I was part of the presence all around me. I heard the Om. I felt peace. My heart felt like it had absolutely exploded in a good way. I understood the images of Jesus Christ and his heart on fire or raw in a whole new way after that, for that is what I felt. After that first bout of hilarity, I cried on and off for 3 days to realize the depths of the delusion humankind lives in here. And yet I was never unaware of the profound PEACE and LOVE underlying all of creation. How we split the world into parts and names with our minds...when the underlying truth is Love. I understood the difference between Spiritual Reality and the reality we think is real with our minds. I understood transcending the personality. I understood the conditions requisites, if you will to transcending the personality. About 2 years later, this experience gave me the perspective to understand a pattern in my creative works, written decades before, that gave me an insight into the pattern of evolving consciousness, and how that pattern is played out in the advent of the world religions--a model which basically unifies the impulses of all the world religions, each on their own terms (not abstractly) shows that all of humankind is basically on a united, spiritual journey. This experience was the beginning of my understanding, I believe, why I was put on this earth--what my lifes purpose is (to bring this message to earth).    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1865,ME ,1554,39,,M,I realized my nature isn&#180;t n the field of thoughts    ,,Spanish,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",post,Medical,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1866,DEE,1540,47,,F,"I lost my father to lung cancer in December 2015. My dad was one of the two people I love more in the world. The experience was tearing, painful beyond words, also due the feeling of being abandoned in the hospice with my dad by the rest of the family, who I felt like they just wanted to get it done and over with. I have never felt more lost, alone and helpless in my life and I could not understand how this could be happening to a loving person like my dad. About 6 months later something very unique happened to me and I still can not make sense of it. I know I had been thinking about my dad that morning, desperately asking him to let me know if he was ok, like I was doing almost every day. I was standing in front of the mirror getting ready for work when I realized that I could see clearly only directly in front of me, while to both sides reality appeared to be melting into some sort of vertical waves. I had the strong feeling of some sort of presence, but at the same time I was getting increasingly scared that something was seriously wrong with me. The experience must have lasted more than 20 seconds, but this is just a guess. As I turned around to go downstairs to ask for help my vision and the room went back to normal. I now wish I did not get so worried because by doing so I might have stopped the experience. Since then I have tried many times to bring back those moments as I really would like to know what all of that was, but with no success. I have read many STE but I have not found anything similar to what I have experienced. I know that whatever it was it was real and I have not imagined it. If anybody has any idea of the significance of my experience I would be extremely grateful if they could get in contact with me to help me understand what happened that day. Thank you.     ",,Italian,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"0 24,999",some,self em,,marri,marri,Unc,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1867,ME ,1230,18,,M,"As I continued to pray, full of fear but knowing that someone must be listening, I suddenly felt an astonishingly immense, peaceful calm descend on me, and wash through my body from head to foot. It was as if someone had poured a bucket of peace onto my head and it ran down through me all the way to my feet. I cant describe the feeling it gave me, but as I watched and felt this peace, I saw my friends stepfather hesitate. My friend was still yelling, brandishing a chair while his stepdad wielded that baseball bat. The bat was lowered, and his stepfather muttered that he didnt want to hurt him any more. My friend continued to challenge, but began to relax, and his stepfather turned and walked back into the house. The peace stayed with me, and I said goodbye to my friends, got into my car and drove home. Ill never forget that feeling and the certain knowledge that God had given me the gift of peace that night.    ",,"Citizen,","251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1868,ADC,1198,51,,F,"I found myself sitting alone in a row of seats in front of another row of seats where Sharon sat behind me to the left. I looked back at her and saw her cutting off her beautiful hair, taking handfuls and just cutting. Then she began pulling at it in an anguished way, hacking away, and then began pulling at the skin on her face. The next moment we were standing hugging each other with such complete and total, unconditional love,rocking back and forth, seeing such love in her eyes, feeling incredible love beaming into me from her, I was weeping with joy knowing she was alright, that she was happy, in a good place. I woke myself up weeping with joy and grief and gratitude all at the same time, and I knew she had come to let me know she was alright, in a place of great love. I am weeping now as I write this because I now know where she is. I know. Where my sisters went.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,none,"0 24,999",High,artist,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1869,OBE,1469,25,,F,"Suddenly I was outside my body. I seemed to be very small as I watched what was happening to me. I knew I was dying, or would die if he didnt stop. I prayed, Please, God. Dont let me die. I have two little boys who need me. I heard clearly, Use kung foo. My body became ridged and I put my arms straight up. My elbows locked and no matter how hard he tried to break them down they were locked in place. He could no longer reach my head. Once he realized he couldnt hurt me any more he sat back on his heels kind of dazed.    ",,Natural c,"251,00",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Bank te,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1870,SDE,1517,27,,M,"I was awake and alert. After doctors told us they were unable to necessitate my father, my mother and I were lead into the ER to identify his body. Lying on a gurney, I saw his body; However, I saw his spirit/energy 4-6 feet above his body. It looked like transparent water moving in a stream. It was his energy, like what you feel when they enter the room behind you. it told the chaplain who was with us. She said, Some people see that. I also saw and felt my father, as listed above, at his funeral, but not as strong. I felt a peace in knowing he is still with me in spirit.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Peace C,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1871,DEE,1182,4,,F,"It was night and I was in bed. I dont recall this part well, but somehow I became aware that my father was not at home. (I was somewhere between 3-5 years old) My father had gone to visit a neighbor two doors down (old Mr Safran) I was a timid child and for some reason I was utterly scared of this neighbor, even though there was no reason to be. He actually was a kindly old gentleman who even remembered the neighborhood children in his will but for whatever reason I was very frightened of him. When I awoke and realized it was (to me at least) late at night and my father was not yet home, I was terrified that Mr Safran had hurt him or killed him. (Again, no reason why I would think this) I was laying in my bed and I was terrified. I dont remember if I was crying, but if I was, it wasnt loud enough for my mother to hear. I was (and still am) the type of person that does not cry out for help. I dont know if I was praying for my father to be ok as I dont remember if I was old enough to have been taught about free-form prayers. Anyway, I felt a warm, comforting, loving presence that assured me everything would be OK. (And of course it was, as my father had never been in any danger whatsoever other than in my mind) It was like being wrapped up in a warm soft blanket of love and happiness. It was so long ago and I was so young that I dont remember anything beyond that but I have never forgotten it either. I did not see or hear anything, it was completely a feeling of love and reassurance.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,none ch,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1872,DEE,1422,2,,M,See above.    ,,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,Infant,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1873,NDE,1266,41,,F,    ,,I am a US,1 mill,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",post,Teacher,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1874,ADC,1105,66,,F,"So, it was the end of the day with the sun sinking and I wanted to complete the painting which was not going well. I thought to take a break , see if on my return, the answer would be apparent. So I left the studio, walked across the deck and into my house. From the bedroom, I stepped into the long hall which leads to the kitchen and as I did so, I was shocked and awed to see my husband with outstretched arms, grinning from ear to ear and wearing cutoffs. He was striding toward me with great enthusiasm. I was just dumbstruck! He must have taken three steps toward me when I bent forward, covered my face with my hands and called out, Dana, Dana! When I looked up, he was gone.  I learned that we are eternal. That my husband was gifting me with comfort and consolation.    ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1875,NDE,1344,23,,F,"After i was in the white space for what seemed a very long time i was suddenly sucked into a tunnel and the sides of it reminded me of the inside of an ocean wave. At the end of it there was an incredible bright light. I went to the light and i wanted to stay there. It was warm ,safe and nothing hurt.i never ever wanted to leave. Then i felt the voice say its not your time yet so i had to go crashing back.I was very sad to leave but my comforting thought was that at least i never ever have to doubt Gods presence because I know now he exists.    ",,Dual Citi,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,TA in g,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1876,ME ,1450,59,,M,    ,,Citizen,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Senior,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1877,OBE,1056,26,,F,"I had gone to bed and was dreaming that I was walking toward one of the classsrooms at the school I was attending. The classroom looked a little different, in that it had windows on three sides. There were students sitting quietly in the classroom, and the light was out. I could see the students sitting in the dark, and I wondered why they were sitting there in the dark when I could see a light coming from under one of the doors. I remember thinking that it was ok if they wanted to sit in the dark but that I wanted to go toward the light. As I opened the door I was surrounded by the brightest light I have every seen, so bright that it would normally cause one to close their eyes. It was the most warm, most loving, most peaceful experience- words cannot describe it. At the same time I realized I could see all around me, that I was not a body standing in the light but I was one with the light. I had no face, no eyes, no body. I dont know how long I was there. It was so beautiful, so peaceful, so loving and yet it wasnt separate from me, I was a part of it. Suddenly I woke up. I tried to go back to sleep to continue it but I couldnt. I was so disappointed that I couldnt get back.     ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,religious,religious,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1878,ADC,1460,50,,F,"In my dream, a woman was sitting on the floor. She appeared to be around late 60s/ early 70s. She was naked, sitting with her back to me initially and appeared to have burns over her body. She turned her head around and she had the face of one of my physiotherapy clients. At the same time I knew this woman wasnt my client, but I knew that by seeing the face of my client, that my friend knew this woman. I asked this woman her name and she said Beth. We then had a telepathic conversation in which she told me she was scared of passing over. She was scared of being burned, of going to Hell.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Physiot,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1879,DEE,1214,69,,M,I did that in question #43. I learned that when this is finished refers to something that I do not know nor do I know what the the when means.  I know that I continue in the physical suffering.    ,,"Citizen,",1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Ordaine,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
1880,ADC,1384,62,,F,"It was actually a communication with my dad who had passed a month earlier. He had alzheimers and was living a nightmare existence...feeling like he was in a house with strangers, and my mom, who was depressed and angry had no patience with him. I prayed that God would take him, and within a week he was dead. This was an ernest, heartfelt prayer.  I saw him in a dream, even though it seemed more real than a dream. I was suddenly in this beautiful place, like a picnic area. My dad was sitting with his back to me...looking like he did just before he died. I even noticed the curve in his spine that was so prominent due to age scoleosis. Suddenly, he got up, turned and he was around 30..incredibly young and handsome. I was taken back at his beautiful clear blue eyes, and his perfect skin.  He asked me how things were before he left. I told him it was awful, and that he had alzheimers and things be so very difficult for him and mom. Suddenly, he bent over and fluffed the hair on the top of my head, like he did when I was a little girl, and said Dont worry, Hon, things will be alright. I will never forget this dream...    ",,Citizen,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Library,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1881,DEE,1213,69,,M,See item 25    ,,US citize,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,I am re,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1882,DEE,1510,15,,M,"I will try not to repeat myself (from above). I was shocked at first and I felt fear engulf and paralyze my body. Eventually, I composed myself (because the lighted Christ entity was not going away) and I decided I was not going to be fearful, so I looked up again and just experienced the vision in front of me for several minutes. I looked around into the night darkness, and saw two sources of light in front of me the campfire and the lighted Christ entity to the left of the fire ring. The camp fire seating was organized in a semi-circle (around the fire pit). I was seated in the middle on the first row between two female friends. I eventually asked one of them if they saw anything. She said no.     ",,Resident,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,None. I,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1883,NDE,1171,30,,M,"I fed a hose from exhaust into car and viewed photos of my family as I lost consiousness. I felt an overwhelming comfort and saw a billowing woman in white who did not speak. She conveyed a thought to me that I understood completely. if you want to come on with me its ok. But, there are things that we need you to do. So, the decision is up to you..I opened my car door and tried to stand but fell hitting my face on the concrete at my home. (I still have a small scar as a reminder) My wife found me and took me to the ER. I was fine after a few days. ShE and our children were tested and did not have HIV. We divorced later that year but remain best friends today.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1884,ADC,1153,44,,F,"My best friend passed into Spirit on May 15, 2004 at the age of 45, after a 10 year battle with HER-2 Breast Cancer. We had spent 40 years weaving the fabric of our lives together in a dance that was just magical. Ours is a long story of love and friendship. It is hard to relay in a few words the significance of this miracle,but I will try.  Two years ago Karen started having massive headaches and was feeling weird. We were headed off to a healing weekend in New York State and having a grand time. It was just the two of us tooling around in the car and laughing and enjoying each others company. At one point, she became very serious and told me she thought her chemotherapy may be causing these symptoms. She was struggling as to whether or not to go off the chemo and just let God do His work. I told her this was a huge decision and one not to be taken lightly. I am a big believer in asking God to give us a sign when we need an answer to an important or not so important question. Because this was a VERY important question, I told her she needed to ask for a sign that would be unquestionable! Something so unusual that it could only be from God. I then said, How about if we see a green donkey? Then you can go off chemotherapy. She giggled and said, That sounds great. The rest of the weekend we searched for a green donkey. We found yellow pigs, purple cows, red dogs and even a green horse.How we tried to rationalize that a horse is almost a donkey. But we knew it had to be a Green Donkey. We even spent the next afternoon in Woodstock, NY going through every store but never found a green donkey. A week later the headaches continued and she went for an MRI. Her father also passed away from Alzheimers this same week. On the morning of his funeral, she received a phone call from her oncologist telling her the cancer had spread to her brain. She went through the whole day, a huge funeral, and never told a soul except her husband what she had found out that morning. She had courage beyond human strength. She made it through brain surgery and massive radiation and lived two more years. She passed on May 15, 2004 surrounded by her whole family. What follows is what I said at her memorial service (which 700 people attended). Notice the part about the green donkey toward the end. I have had the pleasure of knowing Karen for over 40 years and calling her one of my best and dearest friends. But I know I am just one of countless best friends that Karen had...there was something about her that just made you want to be close to her and know her better. To Karens family...she was a mom, a wife, a sister, a daughter, and a cousin, but for the vast majority of us here today, she was our friend. A friend of the truest sense and one that was there for each of us no matter what was going on in her life. Remarkable, selfless, trustworthy, sincere, kind, compassionate, spiritual, and beautiful are words that can only begin to describe Karen. Besides being a friend,Karen was a teacher. She taught me more about strength and courage than I ever wanted to know. When my son deployed to Afghanistan last Oct, she came to me one day like an angel sent from God. She held me, cried with me and instilled in me The Power of Now. This gave me strength that I did not know I had. If I can take one tenth of her strength and live the rest of my life, then I will be happy. I will miss her human presence more than I can even imagine at this time... her spirit while she was on this Earth was immeasurable. What I look forward to from this day on is how she will guide, love, and watch over each of us in her new found strength in SPIRIT. And so I say to you my dear Karen, Godspeed to you on this new journey you have undertaken. I know Daddy was holding your green donkey and that now you know all the Divine Order that is so hard for us to understand here on Earth. I giggle at the thought of our next life together and I ask you Sister Karen to hold down the abbey until I get there. When I returned home from her service that evening, there was a message on my answering machine from my son, who was in Afghanistan, serving in the US Army. He had never, ever called on a weeknight since he had deployed, until that night. This in and of itself spoke volumes to me. I was sad I had missed his call, but I knew he was OK and surely sending me some love from afar, even though he did not know of Karens death yet. Karen had given me extreme comfort and support while she was alive in regards to his deployment and no matter what was going on in her life, she always asked how my son was doing. That same night, the phone rang again around 2:30 AM and it was my son. What a joy to hear his voice! We spoke for about 20 minutes and during the conversation he mentioned that his best buddy and teammate had put new pictures up on a website ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",colle,At the,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1885,ME ,1560,38,,F,"So what does a person who has been through such an experience do \xe2\x80\x98after\xe2\x80\x99, in this material world that was seen to be non-existent? Well, one waits. One observes. One notices and surrenders those attachments and aversions as they arise \xe2\x80\x93 because it is those attachments and aversions that keep consciousness located in a body. One learns to sit through the seemingly tough bits without labeling, without \xe2\x80\x9cmaking\xe2\x80\x9d the energy into \xe2\x80\x9cthings\xe2\x80\x9d until the discomfort dissipates of its own accord. And when one is truly ready to go through \xe2\x80\x9cthe final doorway\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x93 it would seem that one simply agrees, and lets go.    ",,Canadian,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Writer,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1886,DEE,1350,14,,M,"As I looked I saw 3 beings in hooded robes similar to those worn by Jedi knights or monks. I saw no faces on these beings, and they stood there looking at me and I at them. They walked by me and through the wall leaving down the street. Nothing was said, but at 14 years old I knew I did not want the incredible sense of peace to leave me. I chased after these beings down the street in my underwear. They moved simultaneously as one. They just seemed to have disappeared.    ",,US Citize,"100,00",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,dail,dail,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,None,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1887,ADC,1141,55,,F,"It happened during the night while I was dreaming. I will never forget it. I told everyone that I knew who would be open to receiving this experience. I remember sitting at a rectangular table. I was at the end. There were three men,I could feel Love and familiarity, The first man filed in front of me the other men I only saw there heads but again I felt I knew them there essence not seeing their faces. I was looking at a man he was young about 30 years old.He was wearing a pink pinstriped shirt,grey hair and handsome. I was crying I held my hands up to my cheeks and was resting there. I said Forgive my for crying but you look just like my DAD!. Not a word was spoken by the team of men. I woke up!    ",,Born and,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Junio,Healing,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1888,NDE,1556,19,,M,"I didnt observe, hear, or feel anything too much. The ringing sound definitely commonly reported. Not too much, probably only the first layer of heaven, no Eben Alexander.    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",atheist,atheist,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1889,ADC,1471,46,,F,"I cant find the right words for it, because I dont have the vocabulary knowledge to do so, but I try. My senses expanded. I could feel and see the spirituell part of us, and making the decision before it actually hit the human brain. It feels like someone is standing behind you and does everything for you and you are just the puppett. That means, I noticed in a conversation with my friends, we where sitting at a table, and we were debating on something, which actually did not make sense, but in that moment I have seen the spirit part of my friends saying lets go, and in that instant my friends got up and left. Than there was a situation I wanted to trade my car. So I went to the cardealer and talked to him, there was no reason that I would not have been able to trade in my car. I had money and good credit. But I heard the spirituell conversation again, and there was a headshaking no on my side and the cardealer said ok, I am not able to trade in your car. I wanted to by a cheap place, and there it was again, the no from both places. Everything I my ego wanted to do, I felt like I move against a wall. Everything I my ego thought would be good for me, moved through my fingers. I was actually out of control, even though I knew what I was doing. It did maked absolutely no sense to me than, now I do. I would share many many things. But I think I would have to talk or write to you more about it.    ",,US citize,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,none,"0 24,999",High,Clinica,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1890,DEE,1086,30,,F,When I felt a hand on my shoulder I knew it was Jesus. All my pain when away. I said thank you and went right to sleep. It never seemed strange to me because I had seen Jesus before as a little girl. It just seemed normal.     ,,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,Mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1891,ADC,1434,45,,F,"Wish you were here. (a poem) You would love this place Dad, this forest mountain trail meandering past turquoise glacier lakes, cutting across a steep treeless loose-gravel scree. The path turns to switchback up a bare-dirt shoulder smoothed by winter\xe2\x80\x99s snow melting. At the crest, suddenly the view opens up expansive, to all horizons like the Swiss Alps. The whole Cascade range is carved at my feet: vivid green chasms, peaks painted white, no hint of civilization.  A pure sky of small cotton ball clouds streams from the horizon directly toward me, and I have to brace against this wild steady wind that spurs an endless herd of white stallions. Suddenly close and larger when leaping over this ridge, they tuck their legs at the last minute, skirting these wind-braced gnarled trees and my hand stretching up.  I used to tag along on your weekend hikes to places like this, your sanctuary. Me scurrying behind with little legs, trying to keep up with your tall, long easy strides. Death is the mystery, but I can sense you here now, Dad, in the mountains. Forgiveness allows my heart to expand; love created this place and is greater than space and time.  But I don\xe2\x80\x99t hike like you did, I mountain bike. I pick up my machine here to ride back down, put on a helmet and earbuds for my Ipod. Swooping down the trail weaving through banked turns, speed and reactions are too quick for thought: rocks, a few feet of air. Me and two wheels quietly carve turns around huge ancient cedars skyscraper tall, their wizened moss-bearded branches sleepily brush puffy mist above. A postcard-intense azure sky between their reddish-brown trunks. A rush flying weightless through adrenaline-fueled bliss, this is my cathedral.  As I ride, a favorite song by Incubus always makes me think of you. It has become my prayer, telling you I am ok now.   I dig my toes into the sand,   the ocean looks like a thousand diamonds strewn across a blue blanket   I lean against the wind   Pretend that I am weightless   And in this moment I am happy.   I Wish You Were Here\xe2\x80\xa6.     I lay my head onto the sand.   The sky resembles a backlit canopy with holes punched in it.   Im counting ufos.   I signal them with my lighter   and in this moment i am happy,  I had a rare chance to visit your grave, passing through on my motorcycle. So many years ago this dot on a map, a hiccup in a straight flat line, was the stifling world I escaped at eighteen. Now its just a hot, dusty-small, freeway town. Surreally, everyone is a stranger. An earlier self\xe2\x80\x99s memories are just a story, gratefully too distant for emotions. The gravel road turns behind juvenile hall where I waited for my new foster mom after you died. The tiny catholic cemetery holds a few hundred family histories, a white, white statue, larger than life, divides two centuries. Mary, weeping, holds tortured Jesus in her lap. I know, neither one of us is Catholic, but mom was. I park the motorcycle. One key with one fob, a little silver disc etched with three lines one side, three broken lines the other; I-Ching symbols for Heaven and Earth.  Two unkempt, neglected yellow rose bushes grown mis-matched almost cover your name, so I trim a few branches. Ive never believed a spirit is buried, you are not here. But this is the last place on earth our paths intersected, so where else to go? No dates on the stone, I am sorry. I was too young to remember when the funeral home asked. But I am ok now.  You would be so proud of your beautiful granddaughters. The best of all of us, together.  You would like my husband, my soulmate. With him I\xe2\x80\x99ve surfed tropical waters with whales and turtles, biked Canadian passes, found love. Your spirit doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have to carry the burden of our grief anymore. I am no longer in a place of confused tears. Not even here. This sunny day.  Birds practice their songs above me, sitting back on an old tree; leaves quietly stirring sunbeams. I\xe2\x80\x99ve always liked the Hispanic graves, decorated like a party. A family has recently left, spending a few happy hours with a beloved. Shiny balloons gently sway in the breeze.  Its a relief to share the peace we both so desperately needed so long ago. Then thoughts of the remaining day start to impede. A grocery list of errands, people to visit, hours on a clock, all interrupt me to leave. From the cool mowed grass I pick up my smartphone filled with facebook and emails, then in my hand the phone plays Wish You Were Here.  Dad. Are you telling me youre ok now too? I put the phone down to be here, a little while longer.  Love is greater than space and time.     ",,born citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,By the,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1892,OBE,1044,29,,F,"I observed my sons spirit in a protective uniform of the canadian mounted horse police. Although a child that would have been mine on earth, he was still with me. He inferred later in my life that he would always be there to protect and guide me. I named him Joseph because he came to me at St Josephs hospital. Also, Chief Joseph was one of my favorite Native Chiefs at the time. I was elated after the incident. I knew he was mine and mine alone. That he survived as a guardian. It told me that my abortion did not kill anyones spirit. I learned that the childs spirit doesnt always enter the womb when conceived.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1893,ADC,1216,42,,F,n/a    ,,Natural b,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"0 24,999",High,stay at,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1894,DEE,1224,45,,F,"i felt so comforted with the knowledge of a better transition for my mom at that time. the book guided my decisions and was like a big hug for me and her. i reread the book twice before the weekend was over and get more comforted each time. why now and why this time, i felt like my mom guided me to buy this book because i had not known she was sick and was about the die.    ",,american,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",colle,housing,,single,single,Yes,very little,All pleasant,adult
1895,ADC,1460,50,,F,"In my dream, a woman was sitting on the floor. She appeared to be around late 60s/ early 70s. She was naked, sitting with her back to me initially and appeared to have burns over her body. She turned her head around and she had the face of one of my physiotherapy clients. At the same time I knew this woman wasnt my client, but I knew that by seeing the face of my client, that my friend knew this woman. I asked this woman her name and she said Beth. We then had a telepathic conversation in which she told me she was scared of passing over. She was scared of being burned, of going to Hell.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Physiot,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1896,ADC,1084,60,,F,"My beautiful dog, whom I was very attached to, passed away one month ago to the day. She died Nov. 6, 2012. Since her passing, I have had several experiences of her presence, however, the one I had this morning was startling. I had awakened around 5:15 a.m. and was laying on the living room sofa. I was in a state of light reverie and prayer, conscious of a warm presence around me. Suddenly, I heard something from my other dogs (still living) kennel cab. I got down on the floor to look into the kennel and saw my deceased dog sitting upright alongside the living dog. I called her name and she came closer and I picked her up. She had not only body weight but I felt her warmth. I said, This is a miracle. I held her for what seemed an eternity. Then suddenly, I found myself back on the sofa and startled. The experience was over. I was not a dream, as I know that I have never experienced the feeling of weight and warmth from holding anything in any dream state. It was quite surreal.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1897,DEE,1452,49,,F,It was a long time ago. I dont remember any sound or light just the most incredible source of love I will never forget.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Airline,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1898,NDE,1033,28,,F,I heard a soft voice urgently tell me to move my legs so that the fire could not get to my heart. I could not go with her because I had to stay with the children. I saw my two childrens faces before me and I struggled very hard to move my legs. I could feel the heat of the lightning moving in my body.     ,,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1899,ME ,1072,42,,M,"Up ahead on the road at the other stop sign there were 2-3 cars stopped and waiting. There were no cars behind or in front of me. A car on the main road (going right to left by my perspective) stopped to turn down the road heading toward me but did not turn (they were waiting for a car going the other direction that I could not see). I had a powerful feeling that the stopped car was dangerous and to keep away. I will call this car X. I slowed significantly and soon came to a complete stop at least 20 feet from the sign. Still with almost no visibility of the main road in either direction. Within seconds the car waiting at the opposite stop sign (I will call this car Y) slammed on the gas and pulled out into the main road turning left (right by my perspective). The X car that I was afraid of had stopped to wait for an oncoming car but the driver in Y did not see this and thought X had stopped to let it by. The oncoming car Z slammed on its breaks to avoid car Y, swerved and slid on road dirt left from sanding. Car Z would have crashed into me had I been at the stop sign, or they would have hit car X or car Y if they did not swerve my direction.    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,moder,none,"25,000 49",Junio,R&amp;D,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1900,NDE,1266,41,,F,    ,,I am a US,1 mill,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",post,Teacher,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1901,OBE,1383,39,,F,Please look under 11.    ,,Swedish.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Medical,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1902,DEE,1201,35,,F,"I was comforted, I felt at peace. I felt strong when my mother died later that day, and I coped well with the days following, helping to support my family. I told some people about the experience and they thought it strange that my mothers spirit could have visited me when she was still alive. I was told later by someon else that it was likely to have been an angel who came to me, to give me strength. I am content to believ this assertion.    ",,British,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"25,000 49",maste,Busines,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1903,NDE,1088,40,,F,"I was out of body, going up...I was in a pretty place like in the sky, in clouds...I was moving toward a bus in the sky and I was supposed to get on it. I believe there was soothing music I was heading toward the bus I was conscious of myself...and I wanted to go...I was losing knowledge of my life here on earth...I was almost to the bus and I wanted to go with it. Then I heard my name being called far far away...and I had to make a decision to go to the bus or go home or back down...then I knew it was not my time for the bus. Next then I know I could hear louder and louder and I was smelling smelling salt. I was awake and scared.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Technic,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1904,ME ,1027,29,,F,The voice was so deep and firm. There was no questioning or denying what I experienced. I was to hear that voice 2 more times in later years.    ,,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1905,ADC,1448,63,,F,"In an instant, I was wherever Prince was. I recall the vivid brightness that didnt hurt my eyes but was incredible. I was standing on I would have to say green grass, a more brilliant green than any imaginable. Around me were a few bushes and small clumps of flowers, very brilliant colors but they were not what was interesting me. Ahead and slightly left was a white structure, like stucco, astoundingly brilliant white, think it had an A pitched white roof, and was full of open round arch windows....no actual windows just openings. From my vantage point my brown and white Paint horse, Prince, was on the far side of this structure, racing to the right and then left, then right, I felt in an effort to come to me, but he couldnt. I could see him beyond all these arched openings. Then I was jolted to the reality that I had seen him, he was ok, and I was happily upset.     ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1906,ADC,1296,60,,F,"I listened to Bruce Moens Afterlife Retrieval CD. I opened myself to help any spirit who may need me. As I listened to the CD, It took me to a tree house, then a door. I went through the door into blackness. Then I saw Donna. I said, Oh Donna, youre here. She presented herself to me as I remembered her (with her glasses on) and was grinning. Then I saw Her Jesus. She turned away from me and ran into his arms and through herself up, warping her legs around his waist like a little child would. He hugged her warmly. Then she turned her head toward me, grinning, then gave me a thumbs up. End of vision.    ",,Citizen U,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Junio,Medical,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1907,ME ,1553,42,,M,It is described in full detail in my webpage that Google brings up in search for nirvikalpa samadhi journey    ,,Born in B,2001 2,agnostic,atheist,Unaffilia,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Underwa,,divor,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1908,DEE,1042,27,,F,"observered a divine entity not of this world while awake. I felt awe, protection. I heard a voice from her, but not from her lips. She was giving me a choice meaning There was a way out of this situation. She scared me, but I knew that it was good for me. I had to leave this place for everybodies best good. She would be leading me, along with other guardians. She was one of me.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,working,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1909,OBE,1477,53,,M,"Lets take a trip......this is not any trip, this is my trip and it happened the night or second night home from the hospital. I began traveling through a darkness. It is BLACK! no stars, no planets, no lights, NOTHING! Void. A black hole I dont know what else to call it. Except in a very, very, very far distance is a very small gold and I mean GOLD light flickering like a candle or generator running off cycle or something. I began to get closer and closer. The GOLD light grew larger and larger and closer and closer. As I got close enough I could tell what looked like a snow globe or very lucent clear crystal ball and this GOLD light was inside this globe. As I got closer I could tell inside this globe were what looked like stars. Sort of looking into the sky from earth. But inside this globe these stars were very bright or a crystal or bright white. It is nothing I have ever seen before or can compare to it. There were no bright and dim stars, they were all the same. In this middle was this Golf glowing light. I did not go inside this and was kept at a distance hanging out in this blackness. On the way all I could feel is a state of AWE! no words, just a beyond any middle boggling experience anyone could have imagined. On this travel it was like your mind is wondering out there and focused on this GOLD light thinking what is going on?. Getting closer to this globe I noticed I began getting messages or bits of information or something that seem to be sending these messages to me. These messages begin telling me some things I need to work on. Which I did not understand at all. I am beginning to get a better understanding each day since. There were many messages or I guess even judgements that I received in which stated I did or just point out or something (still processing) but three Primary things I need to do before I am to enter or go to or inside this globe. There is way too much for me to put onto here. All I know is I was told to do this. One of my things is that I am to teach, speak, talk about Forgiveness. As this is one of my things I have to do and that is because this is the best way to learn it. This is all for now as I need to go rest. (try to sleep). I really cannot put into words what happened but it was very real to me. I was not on any drugs these nights and am not now either. I cant stand the pain drugs, although I know many wanting them. This was one week out of surgery when this travel happened. I had two profound experiences in the hospital which I am finding out stuff now and it is no words to describe.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Junio,Large d,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1910,ADC,1407,44,,F,"During my few encounters while I was asleep, I always woke up a little amused I had another message from Dad. I always felt his presence in my dream like he was sitting next to me. These were really clear, concise experiences. I experienced him as though he was in his 20s vibrant,strong, full head of hair, but with the persona of when he died in his 80s. The last one I had was the one that had the most dramatic influence on my spiritual life. He communicated with me about something mundane again I actually dont recall the issue now. But after that communication, he told me that he would not be communicating with me anymore. I cant say that it was like a conversation. It was more like just receiving this knowledge in a full block, or like being filled with it. The communication gave me the knowledge that it was difficult for him to be sort of tethered to this world because where he was was so glorious and full of joy that he just couldnt maintain a focus on my world anymoe. With that communication was delivered a sense or an experience of that glory and joy. I was overwhelmed with the thought of it. I woke up in tears for both what I had seen and also knowing that what I thought was an almost funny link to my deceased father that would go on for the rest of my life, was over. I havent heard from him since, but I feel the experience gave me knowledge that I almost wasnt supposed to have.    ",,US citize,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",colle,I am a,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1911,DEE,1368,41,,F,I had just settled into bed for approx. 15 minutes. My eyes were closed but I was awake. I saw a circle of bright light in the air. There was a male figure behind the light but I do not know who. The light started to dance in a circle. I watched in amazement yet my eyes were still closed. The circle of light began to move. This was my confirmation that I was awake and not dreaming or imagining as my mind went right into I wonder where it is going to go. I was anxious to see where the dancing circle of bright light was moving to. I watched intently. The light moved through my hand that was resting on my husbands stomach/chest and entered into my husband. I was awestruck and began to weep tears of (joy) for a lack of term. I did not tell my husband what I had experienced. The next day we had a scheduled appointment with a marriage counselor. The counselor started as always with Gene how do you feel. His answer confirmed what I had saw the night before. Gene ALWAYS would answer with fine or good. This time is answer was I feel more spiritual. My jaw dropped and I then explained to the counselor and my husband what had happened the night before.    ,,U.S. Citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1912,ME ,1564,17,,F,"At the moment I stopped, there was a terrific CRACK! and lightning struck the house. The phone next to the doorway rang, and a flash of light leapt across the doorway and struck the metal latch plate. I was only inches from this flash of light and would have been in its path if I hadnt stopped the instant I did. But I had no idea why I stopped. There was no conscious decision on my part. I just stopped! Then Ka-pow! I stood there astonished for a few moments, and there came Dad down the hall in his bathrobe, asking if everything was okay. I said I was alright but I thought the phone had been fried. He picked up the receiver and said it was dead. I never knew if I would have been seriously harmed by that blast of electrons, but I felt some entity had protected me. That experience made me question how autonomous I really am and how much may be going on behind the scenes that Im not aware of. At the time, it didnt occur to me that at the soul level I may be on different wavelengths of time/perception/etc.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I was s,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1913,ADC,1187,43,,F,"One night after Cloy\xe2\x80\x99s funeral I was lying in my bed in the middle of the night unable to sleep. I was experiencing incredible deep agonizing emotional pain. I had left a church that I knew wasn\xe2\x80\x99t true and I had been ostracized by family and friends for doing so. I was divorced and felt so alone in the world as a single mother. I was curled up in a ball, hugging my knees closely to my chest. I always shook when I cried. It was as if something was trying to shake loose inside of me to finally be free, but it couldn\xe2\x80\x99t quite make its way out, and so I was strangling, squirming for spiritual air. I cried and trembled. Suddenly something other-wordly occurred. I saw Cloy at the end of the hallway. She came towards me into my room. I recognized her because of her outer form. I say outer form because she was translucent, yet color filled, if that makes any sense. I could see through her, yet I could recognize completely that it was her. As she came towards me I said in exclamation, Cloy!\xe2\x80\x9d  It is difficult to describe what happened after that because words cannot describe what occurred next. There simply are no words on this planet for it. All that I can say is that Cloy somehow filled me with what she feels wherever she now is. Suddenly I felt as if someone had placed a needle about two to three inches long in each and every pore over my entire body, starting at the top of my head and ending with the bottom of my toes. The needles had something in them that was the essence of pure unadulterated ecstasy. It was a joy that I have never felt in this earthly existence, and I am certain that it does not exist at the earthly level of vibrational being. The needles tingled full of warm bubbly unconditional love. It was Christmas and Valentines and Halloween all in one. It was chocolate kisses and truffles and the sweet nectar of watercress fresh out of the mountain spring. It was children\xe2\x80\x99s laughter and hugs and unity squared. I was in a state of complete euphoria and exultation that I have never before or since experienced. I was involuntarily smiling from ear to ear. I could feel myself smiling, but it was not me doing it. Seconds before I had been in utter agony. Now, I was so overcome with happiness, that the smile on my face felt permanent. I thought to myself, \xe2\x80\x9cI am not smiling I am being smiled!\xe2\x80\x9d  I lay in the midst of this pleasure and rapture as the needles continued to tingle and pour warm, pure, syrupy, liquid affection into my veins. The veins carried it swiftly to my major organs and I breathed tender compassion. My blood became a river of sweet adulation. I then realized that if there were a drug that could reproduce that feeling \xe2\x80\x93 I\xe2\x80\x99d be on it twenty-four-seven. As a social worker dealing with methamphetamine users, I had wondered why in the world these people would take drugs and lose everything for it. Instantaneously I knew the answer. I mean, if it feels anything like what I felt that night, I can understand why someone would sell their soul for it. I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that this feeling was ethereal from another realm. I could only guess that Cloy was aware of my secret agony and she was giving me the ecstatic feeling that is constantly present wherever she is to assuage my pain. The message of the feeling was one of (and it\xe2\x80\x99s difficult for me to say this in words because it was conveyed to me beyond words \xe2\x80\x93 it was communicated soul to soul, mind to mind \xe2\x80\x93 words just cheapen it, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t know how else to describe it except with words) \xe2\x80\x9cJane, you are loved unconditionally and you are OK just the way you are. The apostles aren\xe2\x80\x99t right. The church isn\xe2\x80\x99t right. There is no right. There is no duality. Love, love, love. You are love and you are loved. There is only love.\xe2\x80\x9d   I closed my eyes and luxuriated in the heavenly tingling. Eventually it subsided. The needles slowly pulled out of my body, starting at the top of my head and finally leaving altogether through the ends of my toes. I am thankful to Cloy for showing me such support and joy.      ",,Citizen o,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Social,,divor,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1914,ME ,1068,21,,M,"This STE described below may seem mundane in comparison to several others Ive had in previous and later years. In my previous STEs I wasnt able to process the experiences correctly or truly appreciate their significance. However, I consider the experience Im about the share to be the most important. It has ultimately lead me to receive answers to many questions that I had accumulated in my life, up to that point. It has also lead me to a comforting state of existence. The most simplistic way I can describe the experiences is: the light was switched on, like flipping a switch for a light bulb. I had been so confused and full of important questions. Questions that my brain couldnt fathom at the time. These important questions now seemed to have attainable answers after the light was switched on. I was sitting, watching the movie in the theater. Literally, out of nowhere, my thought process evolved. it not only distressed me, but delighted me. I left the movie theater immediately, with my girlfriend. She was hysterical and upset that I couldnt give words to my emotions. I was to overwhelmed with emotion to accurately portray correct explanations. I was literally in tears the whole ride back to my parent house, about 15 miles away. I was finally able to mutter the words, I cant really describe this, I just feel a better connection with GOD!!. Immediately after I uttered those words, IMMEDIATELY, a beautiful white owl swooped in front of my car at 65MPH. Its a miracle in itself, that the owl wasnt smashed. This was instant reassurance that my feelings were profound. We stared at each other, mouths aghast. She, being a very stubborn religious person, instantly grasped my feelings. She said, wow, I understand now. When we arrived at my parents house, we discussed in depth, the implications. Neither of us really had the thought process, or capability, to understand the importance. After evolving spiritually, mentally, and emotionally, we both concur that this experience was a turning point in our cognitive evolution. The majestic quality and timing of the sighting was overwhelming. Three years earlier, my grandfather Robert Heinemann, had died. his dying, or re-birthing process, greatly affected my father and I. My grandfather was on kidney dialysis at the time. The burden on my grandmother, and his body, eventually became too much. The family decided to take him off dialysis and let him pass. I had visited him a few days before he died. He was in and out of earthly consciousness, conversing with dead friends, family members, and old acquaintances. I received the news he had died right before a high school, playoff, soccer match. I felt my grandfather during the game. I didnt feel him beside me, I felt him within me. The entire game I heard the words he had uttered to me before every game that he watched. He would say work as hard as you can and everything will pay off. This was always in the back of my head while playing games. But, this time it was different. The advice was not only in the front of my head, but had become tattooed into my soul. I played the game like a man possessed. I scored a pivotal, game tying goal. I also scored the game winning penalty kick. Walking up to the ball, before the game winning kick, was different. Spectators said the Washington rain halted. I thought of nothing. my mind was clear, pure, and focused. I wasnt thinking about my grandfathers re-birthing or losing the game. I didnt even feel my body until the ball hit the net. I then felt an overwhelming amount of joy. I knew that Grandpa Bob was within me on a spiritual level. It was amazing. In the days after this experience, I wanted to discover more. I believed in spirit, and the beyond, up until this point, but had never experienced it like this. This was personal and moving, to the point where I could barely comprehend the emotion. I thought more about the conversations he had with passed souls in the hospital. I thought more about his love and spirit within me. I thought about things that held little meaning to me, prior to his death. For three years I had put the experience in my vault. I somehow knew that I wasnt ready to fully face the answers for the questions I had. One thing did comfort me before the STEs mentioned above. I always had random run-ins with beautiful birds. The run-ins always occurred when my brain was calm and relaxed, in a meditative and comforting state. my first encounter was during our first annual family golf tournament. We decided to honor Grandpa Bob by hosting a golf event. Before my round started, we were warming up on the range. It was a beautiful Washington summer morning, very tranquil. I had another clear moment, at peace with everything. I gave thanks to Bob for allowing us to experience this day and come together. I was saying this in the back of m",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1915,OBE,1170,8,,F,"The most vivid one was that I was in my bedroom and I was going into my hallway when I realized what was happening, I immediately went back into my body. Also, there was a knocking sound at the head of my bed, near my head. , prior to me leaving    ",,Us citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,N/a,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1916,DEE,1279,33,,F,"That night, when I went to bed I was still shaken by the experience. I went to sleep and was awakened in the middle of a dream by a yellow/white light which seemed to be turning and was lightest at the edges. I heard a male voice telling me not to be afraid. I wasnt. In fact I was filled with immense love and peace. The male voice talked to me telepathically for a period of time telling me that earth was just a test, a proving ground so to speak. I asked the voice what I was expected to do. Become a nun or what. The voice answered saying just live a good kind and loving life. Id move on to a different plain of being. I have to say that this voice filled me with a love that I cant describe and have never felt so strongly again.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,never,never,undec,littl,"50,000 99",Junio,office,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
1917,DEE,1280,56,,F,"During the Sanctus (Holy Holy Holy) I was raised off the floor.  I have been hoping it would happen again, because I was praising God with a huge choir of Angels. realy gave me chills. I have a nice choir @ church, but this was extra special with trumpets blaring and a great choir of ? Angels singing.    ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",Junio,Radiogr,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1918,NDE,1447,15,,F,"When I was 15 years old, I woke up during the night unable to move my jaw bone. My teeth were clenched and my jaw felt locked. I tried to open my mouth but couldnt. Ive always been calm in a crises so I took a few deep breaths to try and relax, hoping that would release my jaw but it didnt work. I remember saying to myself Ill just go back to sleep and itll be all right in the morning. I fell asleep and saw I was in a tunnel which was lit up. I saw ghostly figures at the end of the tunnel beckoning me forward. Just as I got to the end of the tunnel, it began to recede and I was being drawn back to my bed. This upset me and I fought to get to the light but I couldnt. As I left, one of the ghostly figures told me that if I left I couldnt come back, that this was my only chance to go there. When I woke up, the whole experience felt like a dream, including not being able to move my jaw. I soon forgot about it. Years later when I was in my late thirties, I experienced double vision and went for an MRI. The consultant said I was fine, no problems, but that Id had a mini stroke when I was a teenager. It was then I remembered my experience. I told the consultant what had happened to me at the age of 15, (leaving out the spiritual bit) and he said that it definitely sounded like a mini stroke. Was this a near death experience and was it my only chance? Im quite worried! I would appreciate any insights. Thank you.    ",,Irish cit,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,week,moder,avera,"25,000 49",Junio,n/a. I,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,youth
1919,ME ,1018,30,,M,"I felt an immense wave of well-being flow through me, a sensation of deep love and compassion, accompanied by a physical sensation of being hugged around my arms and chest. I clearly heard the words But you are Loved within my head. The sensation probably lasted less than a minute, but left me feeling euphoric, awed, and profoundly valued and loved, as if I now had an inner assurance that everything would be OK, there was nothing to worry about, and that I could go about the rest of my life with a conviction that there was a dimension of reality beyond what we perceive on a daily basis.    ",,British,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Marine,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1920,ME ,1479,29,,M,"The exact events went like this: I had a thought, revelation or ephany come into my mind that God was real and he wanted to communicate with me. I thought that the source or origin of such a thought was strange so I thought of the perfect plan to prove myself wrong. I thought that I will ask it three questions that I truly do not know the answer to. I have literally always wanted to know these three questions since I was old enough to think deeply from my teenage years. God then answered them in the exact sequence and in such loving perfection that I now knew that God was indeed real and communicating with me.    ",,American,1 mill,atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio,Sales a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1921,NDA,1245,37,,F,"It was beautiful, calm and peaceful. I felt at peace with the death of a 21 year old woman my sense was that she was leaving earth only, but only to go elsewhere.     ",,US Citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,Executi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1922,SDE,1277,62,,F,"I was attending a morning funeral of my Bible Study leader, a very kind man named David C., on Saturday, March 15, 2008 at the Trinity Episcopal Church in New York. The large church was packed, as David was much beloved. He was a top executive at Citibank and many co-workers were there. David was a fairly young man at 50 when he passed suddenly of a massive heart attack while he was working out before work at his local gym. While sitting in the church listening to Davids eulogies, his beloved friend and pastor (forgot his name) got up to speak at the front of the church, with Davids coffin near him. I suddenly looked up and midway between the peoples heads and the high ceiling, I saw something that looked different. It was air. Normally, you do not see air but I saw an oval-shaped, contained body of wavy air about 6-7 feet long, hovering near the front of the church where the people were sitting. The wavy air didnt move from its position. It didnt go up or down or right or left. I didnt hear anything, taste anything or touch anything while looking at this image. I just saw it. I didnt feel anything in particular. I just stared at it, without feeling, which is how I usually react when Im witnessing a miracle or something spiritual from God. At some point I stopped looking at it, probably when the funeral was over. In the next day or two I thought about the contained body of wavy air and then I knew that was Davids spirit or soul watching his own funeral, wanting to be there with his beloved wife, sons, family, friends and co-workers. I sent an email to everyone I knew at the funeral to tell them that Davids soul was present with us at his funeral. I hand wrote a note to Davids widow, Cathy, to tell her that David was with her and their sons at his funeral. No one responded to my mail. What the viewing of the wavy air told me was that the Soul and/or Spirit is real. I saw it with my own eyes. Also, that we humans dont really die, we pass on. Yes, our bodies die but our souls are then released and return back into Eternity with God. I like to tell as many people as I can the comforting news that we dont really die, we pass on. And that the Soul, Spirit is real and returns to God when we pass. Some people express comfort to me when I tell them. Some people just stare at me. I feel my job is to just tell people the good news of what I experience spiritually. Whether they believe me or not is up to them. I dont try to convince them that what Im saying is true. I just tell them for them to do with whatever they like.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1923,ADC,1084,60,,F,"My beautiful dog, whom I was very attached to, passed away one month ago to the day. She died Nov. 6, 2012. Since her passing, I have had several experiences of her presence, however, the one I had this morning was startling. I had awakened around 5:15 a.m. and was laying on the living room sofa. I was in a state of light reverie and prayer, conscious of a warm presence around me. Suddenly, I heard something from my other dogs (still living) kennel cab. I got down on the floor to look into the kennel and saw my deceased dog sitting upright alongside the living dog. I called her name and she came closer and I picked her up. She had not only body weight but I felt her warmth. I said, This is a miracle. I held her for what seemed an eternity. Then suddenly, I found myself back on the sofa and startled. The experience was over. I was not a dream, as I know that I have never experienced the feeling of weight and warmth from holding anything in any dream state. It was quite surreal.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1924,DEE,1457,23,,F,"I learned on that day, we dont know what is really going on around us. That when we die or close to dying profound things shift.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,I just,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1925,DEE,1174,35,,F,"There was a person or someone in my room speaking with me and it felt as though they were downloading me with information of the Universe. I felt very exilerated when I would awaken the next morning. This lasted about 3 days. I felt as if I knew the answers to everything. Time began to slow down and I found children to be absolutely AMAZING! I also saw flickers of light in my periferal vision (often) which I would think to myself were possibly angels. I also had an experience during this time where a light came across my vision (similar to a pulsating and spinning vibration) that took over my complete line of sight (it took about 30 minutes for it to completely happen and it happened while I was at work one day). It also shook me to my core and I realize now that I was frightened by the experience and I quit meditating. It felt strange to be in that state of mind and it did frighten me a bit. Once I was removed from the experience, which was about a month or so. I realized that something incredible had happened to me and that I wanted to get back to it. I have since continued reading and studying metaphysics and have continued with my meditation. I have found that to this day I still wonder and think about that time in my life and I KNOW that it happened for a reason.    ",,Citizen o,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Paraleg,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1926,ME ,1475,41,,F,"I left the group and went out of the room and stood outside. I looked at my hands and expected to see them glowing for the electricity I had felt during the ritual. However I was surprised that they were not glowing. Within the next second I knew that everything I looked at, the trees, the leaves, the stars the wooden platform I stood upon, everything WAS ME. I was everything around me I was part of it all, all of creation was also me. It lasted just several seconds and then it was over. However it has never left me. I know now that I am and always have been part of all creation and everything is actually ONE THING.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Worked,,marri,separ,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1927,NDA,1327,46,,F,Please see above description.    ,,USA citiz,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,I worke,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1928,ADC,1292,41,,F,"I saw only my father with nothing surrounding him but a color I cannot describe. At first, I felt nothing just surprise. Idont know if he was sitting, standing because I only saw him from the waist up. He was 63 when he died but he didnt look 63 nor did he look young. He looked ageless and his skin looked illuminated.He had the most beautiful color, I cant explain it. I had never seen his face so peaceful and happy. He was looking directly at me and said dont worry about me, Ive never been happier and then faded out.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,nationa,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1929,ME ,1553,42,,M,It is described in full detail in my webpage that Google brings up in search for nirvikalpa samadhi journey    ,,Born in B,2001 2,agnostic,atheist,Unaffilia,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Underwa,,divor,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1930,ADC,1354,37,,F,"I had a dream. In it, I saw a small, frail old man walking slowly. It was dark, but I could see him as easily as if it was daylight. There was no background (furniture, buildings, trees), no sense of place or location. He was smiling and had on an ill-fitting suit that was too big for him. I felt sorry for him, because he was dressed in such an ill-fitting suit yet he didnt seem to realize it. Then I heard or sensed a voice that told me not to feel sorry for him because he was truly happy. In the morning, my husband got a phone call from his mother. His grandfather (a small, frail old man who looked just like the man in my dream) had died during the night. We werent aware that he was ill or anything. We hadnt been thinking about him or talking about him. Strangely, in the phone conversation, Brians mother mentioned that she had to go shopping for a new suit for him to be buried in. He had lost weight the last few years, and none of his suits fit him anymore.    ",,U.S. citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,very st,"100,000+",colle,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1931,ADC,1271,58,,F,"During the homily, the priest tells a story about an elderly couple who lived in Arlington Heights, Il. and were going to the race track. (My sister often took my mom with her to this very race track.) He goes on to say that the old man went into the bedroom, reached under the bed and took out a tin can, reached in and pulled out a $2 bill!! I felt elated! I was so excited I couldnt hardly contain myself. I immediately turned to my husband and quickly tried to tell him what had just happened. Following the Mass, I told everyone who would listen. I definitely approached the priest at the reception and told him that he was totally used that day and how he delivered the message to me.    ",,U.S. citi,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Paraleg,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1932,ME ,1485,20,,F,"To put as simply as possible (not easy to do) I became identified with love and with God. I was immersed in and surrounded by non-visual spiritual light. Yet I was outside duality of light and dark altogether. I was inside and outside myself at the same time. It was a healing experience that washed away all my past traumas. I forgave everyone and everything, including myself. And then I felt the purpose of my life, which included the healing of other people. And then I gradually came back to earth.    ",,Full nati,"100,00",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",some,Student,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1933,ME ,1240,40,,M,"Please see previous answers. I learned that God is real, more so than this world. He loves us. Our existence is actually spiritual. He knows what we are thinking. If people realized how loving He is, no one would be afraid of dying. Also, it is extremely important, while we are here in this world, to release our brothers and sisters from our judgement (to forgive them) and to replace our judgement with unqualified love.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Life In,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1934,OBE,1531,30,,F,"I must first start out by explaining that I have had OBEs my entire life, beginning when I was about 9 or 10 years old. It was at this age that I began watching tv programs about people being visited by their guardian angels, or other such spirits, who had saved their lives, or sent these people messages of some monumental significance.  I was very much affected by these programs and began praying to god, or to whoever was listening to me, for some sign of the \xe2\x80\x98other side,\xe2\x80\x99 because I knew deep inside that there was more to life and I wanted to experience it firsthand as these other people did. I prayed every day obsessively and even created my own Ouija board out of paper and a ring, thinking I could make some sort of connection. The ring did eventually move, to my astonishment, but it was just my own energy that I was becoming aware of. So I began to feel my own energy throughout my body, as I do to this day, although for some time I believed it was a spirit taking over my body because it felt so foreign at the time, and as a young child I just didn\xe2\x80\x99t know any better.  Shortly after being aware of my own energy I began to feel my energy leave my body at night when I was falling asleep.  It was incredibly startling and disturbing, as it would jolt me awake, just as I was beginning to fall asleep. As I would awaken my energy would immediately slam back into my body. As a child I thought this was the devil taking my soul away, and I used to cry and pray to god at night. This happened all the time, and it was very frightening, and there was no one I could tell because I knew I would sound crazy. One night when I was crying and praying, I suddenly felt \xe2\x80\x93and had the image of- someone kissing my cheek. I felt the energy touch my face and sink into my skin- and then I felt an immense, overwhelming wave of intense love encompass my entire body, and I knew in my soul that I was loved and taken care of, that I was perfectly safe. I was in complete shock, and my tears turned to tears of joy- someone had responded to my prayers! I knew I was going to be ok! Somehow whatever was happening to me at night was not as horrible as I thought it was\xe2\x80\xa6and so I let it happen, knowing I was protected. I was so stunned by what happened-I had truly made a connection, the connection I had been yearning for. I knew there was more to this life, I knew there was nothing to fear, that someone or something was looking out for me. My fear of evil dissipated. I got used to feeling my energy leave my body at night, and it became a familiar sensation. Years later I would meet a friend in high school who would explain me that what I was experiencing was astral projection, and I would read books on the subject, as well as on many other metaphysical topics. As a teenager I would meditate and consciously expand my awareness, teaching myself to experience that profound love again and again, I would see auras, and have many other eye-opening spiritual experiences.  Throughout the years I have experienced OBEs in my dreams quite often, where I am flying around outside, in my house, out in space, all over the place. It is a fabulous feeling. I have not been able to consciously leave my body, though-only in dreams. As an adult I am very spiritual but I do not believe in any one religion or doctrine, nor in any god, heaven or hell, or in evil. I believe in my experiences, and in a profound and universal love that we are all a part of, not separate from, because of what I have felt and witnessed in my lifetime over and over again. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when I was 20 yrs old, and I was on lithium for 10 years when we come to the present time when this story unfolds, in July of 2013. There are many other events surrounding my experience I am to speak of, which are important to mention. At the time I most likely had lithium toxicity, as I was physically sick and severely confused, and my body was in convulsions for what seemed like weeks. I couldn\xe2\x80\x99t eat very well on my own due to the spasms and it took me an immense amount of time to get dressed and perform normal tasks due to the uncontrollable spasms caused by lithium toxicity. I never knew what day it was it was or what had even happened the day before. I was in bad shape. At the same time I was also malnourished for reasons I can only speculate onmy boyfriend had recently broken up with me so I had fallen into a deep depression, I was hardly eating, forgetting to take my meds, and hardly sleeping. I most likely was suffering from a mental breakdown. I was 89 pounds, which was also caused by the fact that I was on adderall- I had already been underweight, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t know how in the world I had lost 10 pounds so quickly. My brain was so fuzzy during that time period, s",,U.S. Citi,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",Some,Medical,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1935,ME ,1221,69,,F,"This mist continued to fill my hallway each night until on the 4th night I asked outloud, please show yourself to me, tell me who you are.  In my doorway midway down vertically and completely across the doorway horizontally appeared a band of shimmering, satiny white light which proceeded to make an arch like a path to the end of my bed where it stopped. The light was just as wide as the footboard of the bed in which I sleep.  I heard nothing, I smelt nothing and the light remained only seconds at the foot of my bed.    ",,citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Ordaine,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1936,ADC,1146,41,,F,"An orb of very bright light very abruptly came down from the sky and settled on the empty front passenger seat of my minivan. It was so bright I could not look directly at it. I heard my fathers voice say, I will take care of your mother. Then it was instantly gone. I was so upset I cried the rest of the way to the school, about 5 minutes. Two days later my mothers only remaining brother passed away very unexpectedly.    ",,United St,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,chemica,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1937,NDE,1107,32,,M,"I was off-duty and walking with my girlfriend Susan along the beach. We observed 3 swimmers struggling in the surf approximately 100 yards from shore. I swam out and got the first two to safety. I then returned to the heavy surf for the third victim. I got to approximately 20 yards from shore when I was unable to go any further and rested with the victim on a small sandbar. The victim was then put in a rubber life raft when I was unexpectedly swept off the bar by the heavy surf. They were unable to rescue me and I submerged under the surf. Documented reports vary as to the length of time I was submerged but were consistent that I had drowned. While submerged, I have a distinct memory of seeing and hearing my father saying to grab my knees and ball up (NOTE: my father had been deceased for 10 years). I then woke up in an ambulance after being revived by paramedics who recounted that they spotted me on the surface balled-up and were able to retrieve my body from the surf and begin resuscitation.    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,religious,religious,Jewish,Christian,,,never,week,avera,very st,"0 24,999",docto,New Yor,,single,divor,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1938,ADC,1347,32,,F,see above    ,,legal,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",maste,Social,,marri,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
1939,DEE,1062,39,,F,"My first memory after the surgery was awakening in a very dark room and I was completely worn out from being cold. I was still shivering and all I could think about was being warm again. I was in a warming-type tube that was pumping hot air to warm me up. I have no idea of the time or how long I was drifting in and out of sleep. As I was lying there freezing &amp; shivering, I clearly remember that while my eyes were closed the light came on in the room. Instantly I was warm. I remember thinking, oh wow, I am finally warm. I was so relaxed and relieved to not be shivering. I was literally lying there basking in this warm light feeling so wonderful! At some point my logical side asked the question of who turned on the light? When I opened my eyes the entire room was filled with a brilliant light. What I remember very well was that this light although very bright, did not hurt my eyes. The light was beautiful, peaceful, pure. It is difficult to have the proper adjectives to describe this light. At some point I began looking around the room. Sitting at the foot of my bed was the figure of a man. I could not see his face as the light appeared to be radiating from behind Him. I knew without a doubt that this man was someone very important and spiritual. I felt no fear and had complete understanding at the time that I was in the presence of someone from heaven. Without speaking the way we do here on earth, He spoke to me. He said 4 very clear sentences to me. 1. You are going to be alright. 2. I have work for you to do. (I then asked, What kind of work? I will do anything.) 3. In My own time. 4. Now rest my child. It seemed that within a few seconds after the final message, the light went away and I immediately began shivering again and was cold.  I glanced over at my sleeping husband and said, did you see him? He looked at me as if I were crazy. I remember thinking that I had dreamt this but it was so very real, so physical and so peaceful. I was unable to really talk about this experience for a very long time. When I was able to share it, it was very, very emotional for me. I felt unworthy of this visit. Why me?  I also felt a profound peace concerning death. I knew without a shadow of a doubt that what I experienced was real and that when I did die, I would be going to a wonderful place where I would always be warm.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Biology,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1940,ADC,1539,20,,F,"I awoke to find the car slowing on an exit ramp. The car stopped gently just in front of my grandfather, who stood with his hand out to stop it. Although I never met my grandfather he died before I was born I immediately recognized him. I smelled a distinctive smell very clean with a slight tang of either a spicy aftershave or pipe tobacco, like the really nice scent you may experience passing a fine tobacconists shop. My mother later told me that is what my grandfather smelled like. He stopped the car my feet were not on any pedals, nor was I still steering. He looked me in the eye and I heard a clear voice but inside my head, not through my ears telling me to pull into the parking lot and take a nap. He told me not to think about setting an alarm and that I would wake up when I was sufficiently rested to drive again. He also said to eat a decent breakfast before leaving, and told me exactly where to park just outside the diner in what he called a safe spot. He said he would get us home safely but that I was never to attempt to drive straight through again.    ",,Native bo,"100,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,College,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1941,ME ,1406,55,,M,"  In 1954 I was born in Astoria Queens, NYC and brought up in the Diocese of Brooklyn. I attended Our Lady of Mount Carmel School and Church. My family moved to Northern New Jersey and I finished my Catholic School in Immaculate Conception in Franklin NJ Diocese of Patterson. To my parents credit one can see where the foundation of my Catholic Faith was formed. I was dragged to church. Didn\xe2\x80\x99t want to be there so eventually when I was old enough I left. I lived a very sinful life. One can only imagine where I was but I was not with God. I joined the Navy and began to become an adult and my world did not include God. Things happened to me that in retrospect God must have chose me for better things because my Guardian Angle was very busy.  I met Protestants, while in the Navy. These people were FIRED UP FOR THE LORD. They were obnoxious thumping their Bibles. I didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand them. Finally in 1975 I associated with them enough that in Key West Baptist Church I accepted Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior. The evil one still had a hold on me and I soon returned to my secular and sinful way of life. As we headed east for Desert Storm in 1990 there were definately more Christians than I have ever seen on an Aircraft Carrier before in my life. History is what it is with that war. Prayer works. Never doubt it.   I did get married to Paula in 1982 in St. Monica\xe2\x80\x99s Church in Sussex NJ. We had a good life as a Navy couple. We attended Mass sometimes mostly non-denominational services. For some reason I developed an attitude toward the Catholic Church.  I retired from the Navy in 1999 and by 2003 we found ourselves in Warrenton VA attending the Warrenton Presbyterian Church. Make no mistake the Pastor and congregation of Warrenton Presbyterian are blessed people. I had attended a Methodist Church for a couple of years, while living in NY so going to church now in my life became a necessary event. But I still was not dedicated to it. I had a Protestant perspective on forgiveness, which is what the Bible says happens if we repent; That is what I was taught by Protestants, however it still is not the teaching of the Catholic Church.  Life was good life was bad. I had some financial difficulties with other obstacles in life and I earnestly prayed to God that he help me get my life in order. Paula and I by the grace of Divine Providence found St. John the Evangelist church in Warrenton VA about 2006. It reminded us of our old time Catholic up bringing and we both felt like re returned home. We stayed.   Now in 2012 at age 57 I\xe2\x80\x99m going to back track. At age 54 or 55 I attended Mass during Easter. Father Cozy discussed the Divine Mercy Chaplet and Saint Faustina. I thought it was interesting that all one had to do was say this chaplet for salvation. Fr. Cozy had planted one of the larger mustard seeds of faith in me, no doubt. As a government contractor my customer was the Navy. I was able to walk the walk and talk the talk with Sailors so I excelled at my job (at least I thought I did). It wasn\xe2\x80\x99t until I was age 55 that I bought my copy of St. Faustina\xe2\x80\x99s diary. I had to ride two large deck helicopter and aircraft carriers in a month\xe2\x80\x99s time so my travel to west coast gave me plenty of time to read the diary. I read through St. Faustina\xe2\x80\x99s diary like a novel. I eventually realized this was a 20th Century Saint talking directly to me. She was talking directly to me! Through Providence I started saying one Hail Mary a day also eventually this lead up to a full Rosary. I guess the door with no doorknob on my heart was being opened to Jesus. Things started to happen. While on one of the ships I shared a stateroom with two Harrier Pilots. They were both Catholic and noticed what I was reading. We shared some fellowship. I finished the Diary and it was like there was a bonus CD in the back of the book. The bonus was St. Faustina stayed with me. I\xe2\x80\x99m not going to say apparition in this essay, but I will say \xe2\x80\x9cheightened spiritual awareness.\xe2\x80\x9d I had this sense Sister was with me. I attended my first Divine Mercy Service that Easter and completed the novena prior to that. I was able to venerate and kiss a first class relic of St. Faustina during the service a woman had and shared with us all. It was about this time in May that I was coming home form work. I pulled in my driveway and was gathering my wits when in my interior voice. The interior voice! In my interior voice from nowhere I heard a woman\xe2\x80\x99s voice say thank you. The voice was so beautiful and melodic. It could only be associated with Our Blessed Mother. I paused and took it in. Hopefully I said a prayer. I don\xe2\x80\x99t remember but I probably did. Within weeks something else happened. My commute to wor",,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,dail,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1942,DEE,1300,23,,M,"My fathers office was divided into two spaces--a 2nd floor front office where he worked (with large windows overlooking the street below and surrounded by several multi-story apartment buildings), and the back office--a large bright kitchen/lounge area (illuminated by skylights)--connected to the front via a private 20 foot corridor. As soon as I arrived and handed my father the story, I felt that same strange feeling in my heart like I had felt a year earlier--the feeling that compelled me to pray. Not wishing a repeat of what happened a year earlier (see my other DEE entry)--I excused myself, telling my father I would wait in the back lounge while he read. My father wasnt spiritual or religious, and I was embarrassed that I suddenly felt a strange urge to pray. I entered the back lounge, and shut the door. I then got down on my knees and bowed y head to the floor for the first time in my life. And I suddenly started to weep. Like, uncontrollably sob. And words came out of my mouth that werent words from conscious intention. I was baffled to hear myself speaking the words. Why are we so bad? Why are we so bad? You have to understand,I didnt have a bad bone in my body. I was kind, and sensitive, and yet, these words were flowing from my mouth. And I felt such deep deep shame. Moments later, however, I felt a hand press down on the small of my back. I tried to left my head up to see who was there, but like my hands suck together in the previous DEE, this time my whole body was stuck to the floor. Quite literally, I was pinned there and couldnt move. Before I had a chance to be afraid, however, I suddenly felt two firm hands grasp my head, lift it off the floor, and turn it to the right. And there, beside me, was a fully manifested Celestial Being, kneeling on the floor beside me and looking compassionately into my eyes. As I previously wrote, my family wasnt religious, and I had no knowledge of religion at all. However, I immediately knew this Celestial Being was Jesus like I had known him my whole life. He was bearded, and wearing simple robes. (I no longer remember the color of the robes or the color of his eyes--I was too astonished that he was there in the room with me.) His eyes were mesmerizing--I was literally transfixed by his gaze. Where I had been sobbing moments earlier, and feeling deep shame, I suddenly felt the most incredible all-encompassing feeling of unconditional love. I wasnt scared. I was in bliss. And there wasnt anything I needed to ask. I felt as if I knew everything, as if I was everything, as if I was the Love itself. And a message was transmitted to me with this Love. You are loved. You are forgiven. You are respected. You are accepted. You are special and you are important. You are cared for, and everything is perfect. All of this transpired in a matter of seconds, and then Jesus bowed his head to the floor and prayed. And the hands that had moved my head to see Jesus, turned my head back to the floor, and continued to hold me there. The next thing I remember, my father opened the door and asked me if I was okay. No, I said. Im pinned to the floor. Please call Mom. While my father went back to the front office (there was no phone in the lounge), my experience suddenly changed dramatically. I was suddenly hearing sounds that were loud and clear and very real, but very distressing. The sounds were of emergency sirens, gunfire, and women shrieking in terror. At the same time, in my minds eye, I could see the major urban intersection near my fathers office with windows all blown out, burned out shells of cars in the street, and snipers scurrying in the shadows. I thought I was being shown a vision of the end of the world, but when I asked if that is what this was, there were no answers. Moments later, my father returned, and I found that I was able to get up off the floor. My mother was on the phone and wanted to speak with me, so I headed to the front office. However, as soon as I walked into the office and saw the large picture windows, I was immediately stricken with the most intense paranoia. I collapsed to the floor, certain that I was going to get shot by a sniper (probably connected to the frightening vision I had moments earlier). Long story not as long, this paranoia lasted another half hour or so during which time my father managed to get me into his car and drive me to his house (my old family house where the previously reported DEE took place). Once I got home, and was under the care of my mother, the paranoia dissipated. However, it transformed into a mania that lasted for another 40 hours or so, during which time I believed I knew everything about everything, wrote many things about God and life, and couldnt sleep. Finally, after about 40 hours, I crashed and slept for 16 hours. When I woke up, I was back to my normal self agai",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",some,Freelan,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1943,NDA,1179,16,,F,"I saw the stars in the universe flash past me as I was speeding away leaving the earth, to hear a voice telling me It was not my time, I have important things to do. I still wonder if I need to do more to complete the important things somehow.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,avera,"25,000 49",some,High sc,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1944,DEE,1275,22,,F,"As I walked down the hallway I felt as though I had hit a wall. The sounds in my ear were what felt like if someone were opening and closing their mouth into your ear. It were almost like words but were things I could not understand. The feeling of wind passing on top of it all gave me the assurance that my mother must be behind me. Wen I looked around and no one was there I was startled and started screaming. When I looked into my fathers room which lit up the hallway and his bedroom due to the television glow I noticed he was sitting wide awake in his chair smiling at me very calmly and said it was ok and to go back to bed. That instant all the memories of my dad explaining he had been visited by his angel had flashed into my mind and I panicked and said ok and went back into my room. Once there I felt no longer scared but so very grateful for the chance to witness that it was all real, that angels and god and heaven, its all real. I felt as though it was gods way if saying we are here and iChat my father was going to be ok and so was I.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",High,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1945,NDE,1098,37,,F," I started drifting off and could only vaguely hear them now.  I found myself floating down a long tunnel. I looked all around and was aware of a soft and mesmerizing light at the end. I wanted to rush towards it but found it hard to move forward and could do so only by forcing myself forward half swimming, half walking. Then, I heard a distant faint voice cry out \xe2\x80\x9cSinus rhythm collapsing, we are losing her\xe2\x80\x9d but I felt completely disinterested in this. Who was being lost? I did not know who they were talking about and was annoyed at the interruption. Now I only had eyes for the wonderful glowing light at the end of the tunnel which seemed to hold promise of great warmth and love unending. I felt so joyful and excited and all awareness of my body on the bed left me as I tried for some time to reach the light. I knew absolutely that wonderful things were awaiting, if I could only get to the end of the tunnel. The light now loomed larger and I could see faint outlines of figures waiting there, beckoning me forwards. I wondered, \xe2\x80\x9cWho is waiting there, is it Sai Baba, angels or loved ones?\xe2\x80\x9d I tried harder and harder to reach the end of the tunnel.  Then, a very faint voice interrupted my travels with a tiny urgent \xe2\x80\x9cBaby on Board\xe2\x80\x9d and a pleading \xe2\x80\x9cBreathe! You must breathe\xe2\x80\x9d. (A nurse was apparently shouting loudly into my ear). This caught my attention. I stopped in the middle of the tunnel and wondered, \xe2\x80\x9cWho has a baby on board, who should be breathing?\xe2\x80\x9d And then thought \xe2\x80\x9cPerhaps it is me, perhaps I am pregnant, if I am, then I must go back\xe2\x80\x9d and I turned reluctantly around. It was so hard to leave that wonderful promise of all-encompassing Love and Joy waiting in the Light and those light filled beings waiting there. The return down the tunnel was brutally sudden. I came back to consciousness to experience total chaos, doctors were shouting and my whole body was in pain. I felt icy cold, but I could see I was indeed pregnant. My memories flooded back and I knew I had many children and others who needed me to hold on. I fought to come back and although the heart rhythm was still unstable, immediately went into labour. Serious faced heart specialists told me \xe2\x80\x9cYou can\xe2\x80\x99t have the baby yet, we will deliver in two weeks when your heart has settled down\xe2\x80\x9d. I did not argue, I could see their point, but I knew from my previous eight deliveries that this labour was not a trial run. So exhausted, I steeled myself for a long night. Whether it was the right time or not, this baby was on its way. I was informed later that day, that I had flat lined for some time and that had this episode happened at our house, some one hours drive from the nearest hospital, both William and I would have died. I reflected on that urgent message in the morning, no wonder I had to get to hospital that day. How strange the many delays that had led to the nurse colliding with the heart specialist! I realized that I had been somehow protected all the way through this crisis. I also felt enormous gratitude for the nurse who had shouted in my ear, because I realized that I had only turned back because of her prompting as all knowledge of my present life had been wiped out. At dawn the following morning with labour well advanced, a grim faced team of Heart specialists and surgeons gathered to deliver the baby. I was hooked to a bank of heart monitors, and had needles in my feet, arms and hands. The recalcitrant heart was still racing and wobbling around. Their ominous expressions told me that they didnt give much for our chances under anaesthetic.   Would you like to leave any messages? I was asked. None, I replied. My husband and children knew I loved them, I told them that every day. Since seeing the two little boys standing together on that planet four years earlier in the OOBE, I felt sure that William at least, would survive to be with his brother. As the anesthetic took hold, I felt totally at peace, after all I had come close to the Light and it was so wonderful, I had no fear of death left. William was delivered with only minor difficulties apparently unharmed by his pre-natal adventure in the Star Trek ship!      ",,NEW ZEALA,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,UNIVERS,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1946,OBE,1392,22,,M,"This story is an account of an amazing venture into the future that came about by what I, years later, came to know as a Near Death Experience. Although I wasnt physically near death at the time, I experienced all the earmarks of a classic Near Death Experience, including leaving my physical body and traveling at tremendous speeds through a variety of mystical dimensions.   A Window in Time By Joe   The cold March rain dripped steadily off the back porch awning as I ran water for my morning coffee. Through the kitchen window I could see streaks of snow across the muddy back yard. Where the yard ended and the dark gray bark of maple trees along the hillside took over, the snow still covered all the land. The phone rang. Setting down the coffee pot, I reached for the phone. Hello. I said. You wanna meet for lunch? Jim asked without even bothering to say hello. Sure, I replied. Anything to get me out and away from the boredom. We exchanged a few more words and hung up. I put the coffee pot on the stove, grabbed a quick shower, put on a sweatshirt, poured myself a cup of coffee, and sat down to read a couple chapters from an Eric Von Daniken book I had just picked up the day before. A couple hours later, I put on a rainproof windbreaker and headed for town. When I arrived at Charlies Lounge, Jim was already there. Whats the special?, I asked the bartender.  Burger and fries, he said. Good enough for me, I replied. Put some cheese on it too. Jim looked over and smiled. You wanna beer? Ah, its a little early for that I said. Come on, one with lunch wont hurt you. he said. Get him a draught, he said to the bartender. Jim was a road construction worker who hadnt been working for the past couple weeks due to the incessant rain. Id known him since we were kids. His boredom wasnt as intense as mine, but the cold, dreary rain was getting a lot of people down in this tiny Pennsylvania railroad town. It was a tough little town along the edge of the Allegheny Mountains in central Pennsylvania. The heart of Appalachia was just a few minutes away. The Vietnam War was just winding down and Watergate was front page news every day. Life, like the weather, was bleak. A month earlier I had finished a two year stint as a Military Policeman in Germany.  I was accustomed to the excitement of constant stimulation. As a policeman I had weathered the drama and tragedy of the Munich Olympics, witnessed first hand the violence of the militant Baader-Meinhof Gang, and while wearing the white hat of law enforcement, had been front and center in the unpredictable and dangerous world of heroin addiction. Okay, Ill sip on a beer, I said to the bartender. Jim smiled. When I looked in his direction I could see a couple guys playing a game of pool. Immediately my radar went off. Two brothers were playing a game of eightball. One of the brothers was a year older than me, and had been a superb football player. The other brother was a year younger than me and had always been a bit of a troublemaker. And, he was drunk! It just past noon and he was drunker than a skunk. Several years earlier, I had been in an all out fight with the younger one. I had knocked him down and was on top of him, pounding the living daylights out of him when someone pulled me off.  Here he was again. Drunk, and this time with his older brother, who it appeared he was going to try and impress. He was staring at me. His face was getting red. I could feel my adrenalin surging. Every drop of testosterone in my body was lit up. The two years in the military had added 30 pounds of muscle to my body. I had been trained in judo and self defense techniques. I was capable of putting anyone into submission in seconds. I was ready! To avoid initiating any confrontation and to maintain my focus, I chose to gaze at the cue ball(the all white pool ball) as it bounded around the pool table. A moment went by, then two. I kept my focus on the cue ball. I began developing a slightly different mind set. I clearly remembering saying to myself, I choose to not allow my emotions to dictate my actions. I choose to just stay focused on the neutral cue ball. Then BOOM, it happened. Suddenly, without warning, my entire state of consciousness shot directly out of the top of my head. Everything I knew to be me was traveling at a tremendous rate of speed, and accelerating by the second. At first I seemed to have shot through a tunnel like zone, then into a brightly lit world. I went past cities, land masses, continents, entire worlds. and universes. I clearly remember seeing a great River. I remember thinking at the time that it must be the River that St John spoke of in Revelations. I remember clearly because, at the time, I was a dyed in the wool atheist. But I didnt stop there. I just zipped on by. I saw things and concepts that I just didnt understand, bu",,US    Q.,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,militar,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1947,DEE,1468,64,,F,    ,,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,I have,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1948,ME ,1360,48,,F,"The temple or church was really beautiful and complicated, it had curly cue tops, architecture like you might see in Burma or Thailand. The entire thing was made out of bone that had been polished. It was made from human bone! But for some reason this wasnt creepy at all. It was kind of like, the bones of the maryters or something? It was a way to honor them? Anyway, we were going in to check it out. I had a group of kids to watch, 4 or 5 of them. My daughter wasnt there as I remember, I think she had gone ahead. There were some boys who were slower and lagging from the general group so I stayed back with them to encourage them to keep going not to get so far behind. They moved along but something very strongly encouraged me to remain in that room for just a few minutes. We were in a small darker, cove like part of the Cathedral, there was an alter, seemed like lots of candles and gold and polished marble and polished bone inside the room. At the right to the altar where was an extremely intricately carved place, it was like the kind of carving you might see on an elephant tusk that the Chinese can do. But this was all people and scenes from the Bible. In the middle there was the nativity scene. Mary and joseph were there and baby jesus. I could see a teeny tiny well, with a pump. I stayed there waiting and then I heard a sound that was like a radio being dialed into tune, lots of static and voices. Finally one voice became clear. It was Marys! She had an accent! Like a very old one from a language that is not spoken anymore. But she spoke to me in English. She told me to pump some water from the well into this teeny tiny cup. So I did that, the cup was even smaller than a thimble. I wasnt sure what I supposed to do with it? Dip my fingers into it and make the sign of the cross like Holy Water? Or drink it? I didnt want to offend or do that wrong thing! She told me to drink it! But it understood immediately that it was to be just a small amount, I was not to drink the entire thing. This was for my own good, so that I would not become greedy. She said as I sipped some, This is soup. Nourishment for the world.    ",,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",maste,Childre,,marri,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1949,NDE,1076,19,,F,"Through light tunnel incredibly fast with woshing sound. Arrived in dark space, with life review. Pixel like snapshots of life events. Stopped at times whenI had done something on purpose that was bad. I had been mean and hurt someone physically when angry. It was explained that these were to be judged because my intention was wrong. Intention is the thing. This was communicated telepathically by a kind presence. I didnt feel it was God or Jesus but someone other. The presence had humor and was kind. I was asked what I wanted to do with my life and asked to dig deep. When asked if I wanted to stay I was ambivilant and asked what I REALLY wanted and why. I realized I needed to get back as my mother would be destroyed if I died. She had had multiple miscarriages and lost a live birth boy. If she lose me her only living child, shed be a mess. As soon as I realized this I woke up in the car. A police officer screamed shes alive and I rolled down the window and crawled out of the car. No one could believe it.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,Student,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
1950,DEE,1393,16,,F,"It was pure feeling, I didnt hear or see anything this feeling wrapped right around me like I was beng held, it vibrated through my whole body from feet to head and I felt it with every single cell of my body, then the words filled my core, like I was a stick of rock, they seemed to come vertically through me I could see them and feel them you are special it felt like if you cut me open you would see those words etched onto my insides, the words were huge and I could feel them, I could feel their meaning so powerfully, words fall short of describing it.    ",,Britush,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Child a,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1951,SDE,1403,38,,F,"The spinning light was like a DNA strand, the texture was soft and smooth like milk, it was slowly spinning in space, everytime i closed my eyes I saw this the day before they unplugged her life support.    ",,usa citiz,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Buddhist,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,massage,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1952,ME ,1450,59,,M,    ,,Citizen,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Senior,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1953,NDE,1024,65,,F,"I saw disturbing things at first, my sister having surgery which she did not survive this is only interesting because at the time I was having this event my sister was hospitalized in Tampa for a cardiac event too although I had no knowledge of this at all. She had an angio and had complications including bleeding and hematoma but she survived this. I did not mention to her for some months that I saw this in a dream and have never told her she did not survive it. I did see my mother during this STE and told her about it.    ",,US citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Junio,Medical,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1954,ADC,1326,49,,M,"Just finished Proof of Heaven last night following the book and movie of Nosso Lar. This has been a life changing two weeks for me. Fifteen years ago, while meditating one afternoon on my office couch, I felt two hands roll me 45 degrees from my back to my side. Suffered from chronic back pain as a result of an athletic injury at the age of thirty. Startled, yet at peace, looked up to see the deceased form of one of my fathers closest friends, a small town surgeon. Dr. Pauls hands went to the small of my back while simultaneously radiating incredible warmth and energy into the damaged lumbar area. I clearly proclaimed, I miss you Dr. Paul. He smiled, and after standing there for what seemed an eternity, drew his hands from my back, stepped away slowly and faded before my eyes. I immediately arose and went to my desk. For two hours I sat motionless while I recounted vivid memories of the man who had helped a boy whose father was killed when I was eight years old. Not until I stood up, did I realize that my back pain was completely gone, and had no idea that I would be pain free for the next ten years. I shall never forget Dr. Paul Myers.    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Busines,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1955,ADC,1252,52,,F,"After what happened to me its impossible not to believe. I have to admit that when life gets tough I have my doubt but I remember Cindy and the vitamins and I said to myself: How can I doubt. Reading Dr. Alexanders book is like a confirmation of my heaven. My description was very thorough. And I have to say that I dont pretend people to believe, but no body can take this experience away from me and I am glad that an atheist was present to be my witness. Even for myself, because this is so unreal that after it happens you find yourself wondering if you are imagening or what.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Before,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1956,DEE,1247,25,,M,"I chanted HU (an ancient name for God on the path of ECKANKAR) after asking to see the ECK Master Rebezar Tarz. In a couple of moments he appeared in my inner vision, his head and shoulders. It was the most incredible experience I have ever had. It was more real than reality. It lasted perhaps a second, two seconds, but I will never forget it. I saw him in full living breathing color. I was looking at him in full conscious awareness, I was not asleep, I was awake. There was LOVE, LOVE pouring off of him, streaming out of him in every direction, so much LOVE I couldnt imagine it. Its more LOVE than anyone could imagine exists and yet it did, and along with that LOVE was LIGHT the most intense but INVISIBLE LIGHT anyone could ever witness, it was invisible but it was as bright as bright could be. The intensity of the LOVE and the LIGHT flowing from this MAGNIFICENT BEING was beyond what my mind could grasp. I couldnt look at it, I turned my face slightly away, although this was all happening within me, I turned it slightly away because what I was seeing and what I was experiencing stunned my human mind, stunned it because the beauty of it, the transcendence of it and the LOVE itself was beyond human imagination. Then it was over. I will never forget it. Now, 35 years later, I still return to it in thought, it is still alive, it is still real. I have had many many other spiritual experiences over the years but this is perhaps the most profound. Any doubts I had about the existence of Rebezar Tarz or other ECK Masters disappeared. It changed my life, 2 seconds in a motel in South Dakota.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Janitor,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1957,ME ,1284,36,,F,"Synchronicity \xe2\x80\x93 This is my calling\xe2\x80\xa6Why the mental health system is antiquated, and why we need to stop pretending we\xe2\x80\x99re robots in a naturally spiritual world. After years of searching for my life purpose it was handed to me on a plate, quite literally from the Universe straight into my head, like a light bulb suddenly being switched on in a deep dark cave of confusion. Please don\xe2\x80\x99t lose me here, you may be thinking: \xe2\x80\x98so who are you and what do you know about re-evaluating the conceptual framework around mental illness or achieving universal peace?\xe2\x80\x99 That is exactly what I thought when the information came to me; I am no Professor or academic guru. That is the point, this has nothing to do with who I am, I have been given this message to prove that anybody of any intellect or social standing can tap into the psychic realm and see a universal truth; all you have to do is ask the question and then believe in the answer.  I have been told by spirit that the mental health system in our Western society desperately needs modifying in terms of spiritual experience. Mental distress is actually a fallacy of modern society which is ever increasing in line with consumerism and will continue to do so unless we acknowledge the problems we are creating. We must see mental distress of any kind with new eyes if human evolution is going to continue in the way it is meant. Mental distress originates in fear, a fear lodged in our past that we carry with us into the present, and project into the future, a destructive fear from which we can be free, individually, and so, universally. Now here\xe2\x80\x99s the irony:My fear of speaking out about this message and how it came to me \xe2\x80\x93 the message that it is fear that stops mankind achieving mental wellbeing, happiness and fundamentally Universal peace \xe2\x80\x93 nearly stopped me from following my path, after years of searching! I don\xe2\x80\x99t deny that I\xe2\x80\x99m not still scared, but what kind of hypocrite would I be if I were to tell everyone they didn\xe2\x80\x99t need to be scared, if I were too afraid to put my head above the parapet and risk being shot at? Before I had my \xe2\x80\x98experience\xe2\x80\x99 I knew nothing about spirituality, and even less about religion. So what happened was as incredulous to me as what you are going to read may sound to you! I have, however, always had good intuition and a kind of underlying \xe2\x80\x98knowing\xe2\x80\x99 since childhood that I\xe2\x80\x99ve been searching for something that was missing, like I always knew there was another dimension even though society and my education told me otherwise. I was about 12 when I read the book \xe2\x80\x98Utopia\xe2\x80\x99 and to me it was more than just fiction, it was a possibility. Now I don\xe2\x80\x99t just think it\xe2\x80\x99s achievable; I know how. It all happened when I had started to meditate at the same time as thinking more deeply about what to be \xe2\x80\x98mentally ill\xe2\x80\x99 actually means. I\xe2\x80\x99d worked within the field for long enough to know about academic theory; the nature / nurture argument and chemical imbalances. What was the truth? I started to question my own sanity, I have always been very sensitive and emotional; where do you draw the line? I am well aware that by writing this, that by voicing my beliefs that I have channelled a message from the spiritual realm, I could be seen by some working within the mental health field as being deluded or having experienced a psychotic episode. You may choose to believe that this is the rambling of an unstable mind, you may suggest that what I am saying is insane. I, however, now know that the real insanity would be for me to ignore such an important message. If I were to ignore it and deny myself my truth for fear of speaking out against a system, I know that I would become mentally distressed \xe2\x80\x93 and that is also proof enough for me to know that the message I have been given is the truth. Many people who try to speak out about their psychic experiences are told that what they are experiencing is not real; that they are \xe2\x80\x98mad\xe2\x80\x99. So either way, if somebody has a spiritual experience they are more than likely doomed to some form of mental distress, predominantly not from the experience itself, but from either repressing it due to fear, or from believing they are going \xe2\x80\x98mad\xe2\x80\x99 if they do dare to speak out because they are told that what is happening to them isn\xe2\x80\x99t real. The message I was given confirmed all of this. So I had been contemplating the true nature of mental illness, and whether indeed I was mentally unwell, and my brain went into overload so I decided I needed to try to relax. I went into a meditation and what I experi",,British,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,I have,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1958,DEE,1132,29,,F,Read above    ,,Citizen,"50,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Stay at,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1959,ADC,1405,47,,F,"I instantly told my husband My father just caressed my cheek, as I looked at the clock to see the time (4:45 approximate).    ",,U.S.    Q,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
1960,ADC,1118,40,,F,    ,,citizen U,"251,00",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",Did not,housewi,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1961,ME ,1417,26,,F,"See above for details. I knew I would win the car. I had absolutely no doubt. I had no idea why this had happened to me, but I was happy because I sold the car &amp; had some necessary dental work done which used all the proceeds from the car sale.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,moder,avera,"25,000 49",colle,secreta,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1962,ME ,1096,61,,F,"Many people had been asked to send healing to aid my recovery. On this second night,following a total hysterectomy. I saw endless blue lights, in all sizes and shades, from pinpoint to large orbs, they came to me, mostly to area of operation. They followed medical staff in and out of the room, especially ones who seemed dedicated to their work. After injections, I saw a pinpoint of blue light at the site. This night I was in the most pain of my stay, despite maximum analgesics. Even so, I felt very peaceful and coped with the pain. The blue lights came to me all night, entering the room and coming towards me. My feeling was that I was actually seeing healing or the manifestation of healing as a real energy sent by thoughts of healing.    ",,UK    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,retired,,marri,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1963,ME ,1023,32,,M,"I went into a deep trance and saw a bright light. I heard an electronic hum. I then saw that the light was comming from 3 connected stars. the stars were connected by two tubes that ran from each star to the other two stars. The stars were in an equilateral triangle. I felt immense love, knowledge and perfection and felt that I understood everything. The message I got was that the world is perfect as it is and that is nothing you or I can do to add or subtract from this perfection.    ",,us    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Enginee,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1964,ADC,1012,72,,F,see above    ,,citizen o,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Legal S,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1965,DEE,1182,4,,F,"It was night and I was in bed. I dont recall this part well, but somehow I became aware that my father was not at home. (I was somewhere between 3-5 years old) My father had gone to visit a neighbor two doors down (old Mr Safran) I was a timid child and for some reason I was utterly scared of this neighbor, even though there was no reason to be. He actually was a kindly old gentleman who even remembered the neighborhood children in his will but for whatever reason I was very frightened of him. When I awoke and realized it was (to me at least) late at night and my father was not yet home, I was terrified that Mr Safran had hurt him or killed him. (Again, no reason why I would think this) I was laying in my bed and I was terrified. I dont remember if I was crying, but if I was, it wasnt loud enough for my mother to hear. I was (and still am) the type of person that does not cry out for help. I dont know if I was praying for my father to be ok as I dont remember if I was old enough to have been taught about free-form prayers. Anyway, I felt a warm, comforting, loving presence that assured me everything would be OK. (And of course it was, as my father had never been in any danger whatsoever other than in my mind) It was like being wrapped up in a warm soft blanket of love and happiness. It was so long ago and I was so young that I dont remember anything beyond that but I have never forgotten it either. I did not see or hear anything, it was completely a feeling of love and reassurance.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,none ch,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1966,ME ,1430,20,,F,see above    ,,Australia,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,moder,"100,000+",some,I wasnt,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1967,DEE,1152,24,,F,In seeing the color I remember not being able to look away from it because it wasnt anything I had ever seen before and I remember it being so beautiful and bright. It wasnt a shade or combination of any colors that we know of here on earth. It was something I cant describe and I dont even remember what it looks like now I just know that i saw it. In being shown what happens after death I remember some sort of being that was present and showing me and that it didnt seem to have a gender. I was to understand that I would not remember anything upon waking and I understood this as I was aware that I was dreaming in the dream as I was when shown the non existent color. What I was shown gave me the most intense feeling of love and made everything I knew that was stressful and upsetting seem so insignificant. I was left with the clarity that there is so much that we as humans are not to understand or know yet. The feeling was so intense that when I woke up I had tears streaming down my face and a tear soaked pillow. I felt warm and fuzzy and completely at ease.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,moder,very st,"25,000 49",some,Nurses,,single,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1968,DEE,1422,2,,M,See above.    ,,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,Infant,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
1969,DEE,1247,25,,M,"I chanted HU (an ancient name for God on the path of ECKANKAR) after asking to see the ECK Master Rebezar Tarz. In a couple of moments he appeared in my inner vision, his head and shoulders. It was the most incredible experience I have ever had. It was more real than reality. It lasted perhaps a second, two seconds, but I will never forget it. I saw him in full living breathing color. I was looking at him in full conscious awareness, I was not asleep, I was awake. There was LOVE, LOVE pouring off of him, streaming out of him in every direction, so much LOVE I couldnt imagine it. Its more LOVE than anyone could imagine exists and yet it did, and along with that LOVE was LIGHT the most intense but INVISIBLE LIGHT anyone could ever witness, it was invisible but it was as bright as bright could be. The intensity of the LOVE and the LIGHT flowing from this MAGNIFICENT BEING was beyond what my mind could grasp. I couldnt look at it, I turned my face slightly away, although this was all happening within me, I turned it slightly away because what I was seeing and what I was experiencing stunned my human mind, stunned it because the beauty of it, the transcendence of it and the LOVE itself was beyond human imagination. Then it was over. I will never forget it. Now, 35 years later, I still return to it in thought, it is still alive, it is still real. I have had many many other spiritual experiences over the years but this is perhaps the most profound. Any doubts I had about the existence of Rebezar Tarz or other ECK Masters disappeared. It changed my life, 2 seconds in a motel in South Dakota.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Janitor,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1970,OBE,1038,15,,F,"I heard nothing, I just knew that if I wanted too, I could float away. I thought at first it was a dream, but knew it was more than that. I looked at it as a sign. I was going to make it home safe.    ",,Citizen o,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,none,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1971,ADC,1329,31,,F,See above    ,,USA    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Compute,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1972,SDE,1403,38,,F,"The spinning light was like a DNA strand, the texture was soft and smooth like milk, it was slowly spinning in space, everytime i closed my eyes I saw this the day before they unplugged her life support.    ",,usa citiz,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Buddhist,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,massage,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1973,OBE,1236,41,,F,"It took a second to collect my thoughts as I had never spontaneously gone out-of-body while awake unless I had been consciously trying to. Once alert, I noticed an older truck in my direct view. It was an odd, faded color of purple. As the color caught my attention, the truck hummed to life. A man had started the motor and was backing up.  Behind the truck, sitting in the driveway playing, was a small child aged 2-3. Horrified, I watched as the truck backed over the little child. Intuitively I knew it was the boys father who had unknowingly run over, and killed the child.  Immediately the infant boys essense popped out of his body. There was a translucent quality to it, but for me it was more of a strong sensing of his presence. He was bewildered, and unsure of what to do. Disoriented.  Having had an NDE some seven years prior, I knew that I was there to lead this little one to the Light. I mentally asked him if I could help, and he agrred. Following my lead, we drifted toward a pinpoint of Light in the far distance. He calmed significantly and headed on toward the Light. I melded back into my body and became physically alert again.    ",,Citizen,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Financi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1974,ADC,1232,24,,F," When I went to sleep, I found myself on summer porch at my grandparents house. The entire family was there (including my Grandpa and my Uncle Gary) and we were eating like we used to do on 4th of July weekends when I was very young. I was sitting next to my Grandpa and told him that we were going to miss him very much. He looked at me, smiled, and said that he was very proud of each of his children and that he wished hed told them. I told him Id pass on the message (and I did during his eulogy).    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1975,SDE,1400,63,,F,"At about 0330, I dreamed I was in his ICU room just as it was, and he suddenly sat up in bed. I ran to the bedside fearing that he would dislodge tubes, when the patient stated  Dont worry about me. Ill be OK. I woke up and had this overwhelming feeling that he would survive this illness. The next day, I got report from the night nurse and discovered that he was out of the unstable cardiac rhythm. He had converted out of it at about 0330. After his rhythm stablized, his blood pressure continued to improve as did his other symptoms of septic shock.    ",,US citize,"50,000",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,very st,"50,000 99",some,registe,,divor,divor,No,moderately str,All pleasant,senior
1976,NDE,1337,49,,F,"I was made fun of by my abusers the second time, they were flashing a white light towards me telling me to die and go to heaven. It was hard to distinguish this from being real or unreal. Fortunately where I was dying I was able to pull my body away from this. For the most part the time, 2nd episode, I was there but completely out of touch with my body. At times I could hear talking and knew what was going on. I was so out of touch with any element around me. In 1990, I could feel the sharpness of the knife and a very long tube that was forced down my throat and the horrible pain of the scratching. I couldnt seem to come out of the anesthesia and would have died if the doctor didnt yell to me. My head came up off the table and back down again at that time.    ",,United St,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Executi,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1977,ADC,1012,72,,F,see above    ,,citizen o,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High sc,Legal S,,married,widowed,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1978,DEE,1442,66,,M,"This vision was not a day dream or a thought, it was a vision that took me to her room as i lay awake watching a baseball game. It came and it went on its own. As much as i tried i could not and can not repeat this vision. I have memory of it, but cannot re-create it. At the time of the vision we did not know she was close to death. Actually the doctors were telling us her cancer was in remission and felt hopeful that she would survive. The vision was in black and white and the two angelic figures in this vision were ghostly in appearance, or i should say, i could see through them. They had no wings and their clothing looked like long floor length gowns. Their hair was shoulder length. The gowns had a strap or belt at the waist. I could not tell if they were male of female and could not clearly see faces.    ",,U.S. Citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",Junio,Self Em,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
1979,DEE,1202,29,,F,"During the waiting period, I decided to speak to the Mother aspect of the Goddess. I was going to be 30 in about 5 months and was wondering about my lifes direction. When it came time for me, I was escorted down the lit path to the lower circle by an attendant; they helped people up and down the path for safety reasons. He asked me which aspect I had chosen and I told him. We walked over to where that Priestess was working. She had someone there and I was told to wait. She would tell me to come over to her when she was ready. She raised her hand and waved me over. I knelt at her feet. I felt an amazing amount of energy around me, it was actually quite warm. I was wearing a cloak but had to remove it. I didnt look at her face. A voice spoke and asked me what I wished to know. Her voice was clear, calm, and so beautiful. I asked for clarity in the coming years. If there was anything I needed to know or was missing. I could feel her smile. I had my eyes closed. The next thing I felt was her hand on my forehead. An amazing amount of energy surged through me and I felt like I had been drenched in love energy. I began to cry. I never felt so accepted, understood, and knew that no matter what I did or choices I made, I was loved and would always be her daughter. I wept. Such unconditional love completely overwhelmed me. Once we finished, the attendant came to help me up and I continued to cry all the way back up the path. He held me and we walked to the upper fire where a chair was waiting. He sat me down and got me some apple juice to drink. He told me to wait there until I could walk back to my camp unaided. Once I got back to camp, I kept crying for several hours. I felt like I was purging all the negative beliefs about who I was.      ",,US citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Operati,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1980,ME ,1493,21,,F,"I did not see or hear anything. I experienced a sudden intense feeling that a door had opened, and that my grandfather was present. It lasted about a minute I turned to my friend and told her my zaidy is here, and I started to cry. I believe I also told her he came to say goodbye to me. I recall my hair on my skin was standing on end, but I was not cold. And then it ended abruptly, as if a door shut suddenly. I then told her he was gone.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,never,seldom,avera,very st,"100,000+",docto,I was a,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1981,ME ,1417,26,,F,"See above for details. I knew I would win the car. I had absolutely no doubt. I had no idea why this had happened to me, but I was happy because I sold the car &amp; had some necessary dental work done which used all the proceeds from the car sale.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,moder,avera,"25,000 49",colle,secreta,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1982,SDE,1308,41,,F,"After I fell to the ground and my father was with me we chatted like normal, then all of a sudden he said we have to go and see my step-mother and brother. The whole time I experienced this the beautiful warmth and light was upon me, to describe the light as best I can, is like having a massive spotlight place over you and the rim of the light is pure white and protective, inside the light is the perfect warmth, like the temperature is set to perfection. As we walked over to my step-mother I said to her please dont be afraid I have Dad with me and he wants you to know this, I then placed my hand just under her left shoulder and just above her breast and said Dad wants you to know he loves you with all his heart and soul the look on my step-mothers face was shock and tears welled in her eyes. We then walked over to my Brother (who had a 20 yr feud with my sister) I said to him again, please dont be afraid I have Dad with me and he wants you to know, with that I then placed my hand over his stomach, and said Dad understands the feud between he and my sister is deep seated within them and could they please let the past be and find a way to love each other again, my brother was also shocked....I told him again, not to be afraid. After I gave these messages to my family, we walked over to a rose garden, the whole time the light was with me and the most beautiful, euphoric feeling I can not describe was with me. In between the messages I kept repeating to Dad how beautiful it was. When we sat at the rose garden, Dad asked me if there was anything they could do (we werent allowed to tell him during the week he was dying) I said there wasnt the cancer had spread to most of his body and I just kept also repeating Look Dad, look how beautiful it is I was just in awe of it. With that he was gone and I was back to reality. I returned to the motel we were staying at, thinking that the experience was spurred on by lack of sleep or stress. I thought I was losing my mind. Later that day I returned to the Hospital and was in the kitchen when a nurse came in and I told her that I thought I had lost my mind and was it normal when a loved one was dying, I told her about what I had experienced and thinking she would agree that it was stress induced, the nurse (Paula) then stated that is exactly what Dad would experience when he does finally pass. I was shocked. We both returned to Dads room only to find he was awake and outside in the courtyard, with two other nurses beside him. We couldnt believe it. He was telling my brother, as best he could as for most of the week it was hard to make sense out of much he was saying to us, he told my brother he had enough and then looked straight at me and said I have had enough Im ready to go because its beautiful isnt it buttons (a nickname Dad callled me) I was shocked but replied with a smile and said It certainly is Dad. The most wonderful calm came across me and I knew then everything would be alright. Paula (the nurse) then placed her hand on my shoulder and said, There is your confirmation. Later the next day, we all couldnt believe it when my brother and sister were standing in Dads room, hugging each other and genuinely sharing a laugh together. I then softly whispered in Dads ear, See Dad, you did it, I heard you and they are getting along now, everything is ok and you can go now. I know he heard me as I felt a weak grip on my hand as I was holding his hand. A few days later I found out that the messages I had given to my step-mother and brother were almost identical to what my Dad was trying to say the morning I had the experience with my father. I wasnt in the room at the time.    ",,Australia,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",High,Busines,,marri,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1983,ME ,1108,19,,F,"I was just riding the subway when, out of nowhere, Jesus appeared to me. It wasnt a visual appearance, but sort of in my minds eye, yet his presence was an absolute certainty to me and I could sense him very, very powerfully. He appeared to me as he is so often depicted in European paintings, with a flowing robe, long hair, and a beard but other than that he was in a place that was entirely dark. In other words, I just saw Jesus who was otherwise surrounded by blackness he was all that mattered at that moment. He spoke only once and asked a single question which I will never forget as long I as draw breathe. He asked me, Do you want me to show you how I love you? One would think that his appearance would have surprised me, but I just took it in stride and thought to myself, sure, what the heck, what have I got to lose? I was curious, so I immediately agreed, but I never said yes aloud, but somehow communicated directly and immediately. Jesus, whose arms had been at his side, wordlessly just opened his arms wide open and instantly something happened to me. Now, there are no human words to describe what I felt next. I had the sense of absolutely pure love being poured all over me from above, sort of like being baptized with pure love. It was unlike anything I had ever felt before it was not at all HUMAN love, but far more. There was no ulterior motive, no expectation, no string attached, just pure, altruistic, unadulterated love. I immediately started to just cry and I leaned my arm on the seat in front of me and hid my face so nobody could see me crying like that. (It was Christmas Day and the train was almost completely empty. The closest person to me was half a train car away from me.) The sensation was ineffable and I felt like the luckiest human being who had ever lived. I started asking Jesus questions like, Why are you showing this to me, Im unworthy, I dont deserve it. I repeated, There are people who have been religious all their lives and havent experienced this, they deserve it, not me. Things went on like this for some time, I have no idea how long. I can only say that the total ride time from where I got on to where I exited the train was about 50 minutes and the event did not start right away, but perhaps half-way through the journey. The love just kept flowing over me, but no answer to my questions came. At times, the love pouring over me and enveloping me seemed like water flowing, at another moment, it seemed like gold coins being poured over me and it just didnt end. Gradually, I stopped crying and stopped asking questions, I just relished it and continued to feel so very luck.  Eventually, I got off the train at my station. Im not sure how long I waited for my bus or if I even waited at all. The blissful state of being divinely loved took center stage and nothing else mattered at all to me. The bus took off and I started to cry again, again hiding from others. I re-asked my questions, but still no answers. Details of the bus ride are a little unclear, but I remember there was music, too. It started early in the experience and it was as if Jesus were singing a particular song to me, one that I had liked, but not thought much about. It was a popular song from the late 60s sung by Petula Clark called My Love is Warmer than the Sunshine. It was repeating constantly in my mind, as if it were Jesus trying to find an analogy that would resonate with me. Ive copied the lyrics that just kept repeating in my mind. As I heard them sung with Petulas voice, but Jesus intentions, I thought deeply about each line and could really FEEL it somehow. They were no longer just silly lyrics from a pop song, but felt experiences of the most profound type. My love is warmer than the warmest sunshine, softer than a sigh. My love is deeper than the deepest ocean, wider than the sky. My love is brighter than the brightest star that shines every night above. And there is nothing in this world that can ever change my love. I know the ride to my friends house took about 25 minutes, although I had no real sense of time during this event. At some point during the ride or shortly after I got off the bus and starting walking towards her place I began to wonder if the event was going to stop and, if it didnt, what I would do, how could I visit with my friend. It wasnt a terrible worry, it just occurred to me that I just couldnt function normally with what was happening to me. This is where the plot thickens. I began the walk to my friends home. It had snowed and there were icicles hanging from the trees. In my love-enveloped state, I began to look at world and it was not as I had ever seen it before. Somehow, I had the feeling that Jesus was showing me how he saw the world, but that was a guess, he wasnt talking. Somehow, it wasnt substantial, but rather all made of the same beauti",,USA    Q.,"50,000",atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",post,I was w,,single,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
1984,DEE,1136,47,,M,just did that    ,,AUSTRALIA,"25,000",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Prefer no,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",maste,builder,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
1985,ME ,1112,58,,F,"As my partner progressed through the passes over my chakras, I began to experience a floating sensation and a feeling of being drawn out of my body through the top of my head. I was not afraid, and thought to myself, I dont think Im dying, but perhaps this is what the Catholic church means by the grace of a happy death. As this sensation of leaving my body progressed, I had a deep sense of safety, of being loved, both intimately and objectively. I felt that I was loved because I both part of creation and creation itself-unique, yet indivisible. Writing about it now, in this moment, brings tears to my eyes.    ",,American,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Occupat,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1986,OBE,1346,4,,M,"This seemed very natural, again no big deal  I thought that floating was more fun than just walking, so I concluded that I would run or float everywhere. You know, normal, Thats when the guide reminded me of my body, The guide was like a voice but from behind me and just a few feet above me.    ",,usa    Q.,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"100,000+",colle,none,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
1987,NDE,1078,25,,M,"After the mask was placed on my face, the doctor told me to count backwards from 10. I began to count. When I got to 1, I realized I couldnt breathe. I also could not speak or move...or open my eyes.  I began to panic inside. I thought..Im going to die!  Immediately I started to try and think of something that would help me stay alive. Trapped inside my body and unable to move or speak, there werent many options. I thought that if I could just hold onto a thought with my mind, I would not die. So, I thought of a tree. I pictured a tree in my mind, imagined how it felt to be next to a tree, and kept repeating the word tree over and over.  I began to feel like I was moving through a dark tunnel. I felt afraid...and clung to my inner tree life rope as I moved along the dark passageway.  I moved through a darkness...murkiness... that included spirit like beings roaming around making some sounds... I did not recognize any of them...they were misty, grey entities floating around. I felt fear. I realized I could no longer see the word for tree in my mind...but I could still see the tree, and feel its presence.  I continued to move through the darkness and the spirits were gone. The tunnel was lighter. I had an instant awareness of my whole life...like a 360 degree view of everything about my life. It was extremely expansive knowing and deep knowledge. I no longer felt afraid. And I could no longer see the tree in my mind, but I could feel its presence. I was aware that there was a place I had traveled from...and I had family there... but I was not worried because I also knew that in the scheme of all I suddenly knew...all I was remembering had been just a flicker of time...my whole life had happened in less than a snap of my finger.  The light in the tunnel grew brighter and closer. I was travelling fast. Suddenly I burst though into a sea of Light...only Light.... I no longer felt the presence of the tree, because I realized I am the tree! I am everything! This was not a thought...but a knowing. An all expansive knowing.  The feeling was completely ecstatic...like an orgasm without a body. No body to limit the deep and ongoing BLISS. There were no words... just knowing. The knowing was The only thing that matters is Love... all Love It was timeless and so pure. The direct experience of Divine Love Then I became aware of something forming... like a vibration. I realized it was a thought coming into form... and the thought was: What about my son? (I had a 5 month old son at home) As soon as the vibration became a thought, I immediately began travelling back through the tunnel... fast!  I woke up in the recovery room.  I didnt tell anyone for 5 years....not even my husband.  The experience has profoundly changed my life... The experience memory has never faded...it is still more real than real.                  ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,mother,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1988,ME ,1560,38,,F,"So what does a person who has been through such an experience do \xe2\x80\x98after\xe2\x80\x99, in this material world that was seen to be non-existent? Well, one waits. One observes. One notices and surrenders those attachments and aversions as they arise \xe2\x80\x93 because it is those attachments and aversions that keep consciousness located in a body. One learns to sit through the seemingly tough bits without labeling, without \xe2\x80\x9cmaking\xe2\x80\x9d the energy into \xe2\x80\x9cthings\xe2\x80\x9d until the discomfort dissipates of its own accord. And when one is truly ready to go through \xe2\x80\x9cthe final doorway\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x93 it would seem that one simply agrees, and lets go.    ",,Canadian,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Writer,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1989,ME ,1437,49,,F,"On meeting one of their friends I became aware of a feeling of joy, exhilaration, expansion and enthusiasm of which I had never felt before. We then met at the dinner table in which he sat opposite me. I was aware of an attraction but also of a repulsion for him. I spent the time avoiding eye contact with him but then a magnetic pull of my eyes drew them up to look at him directly. Time then stood still! I felt like I had arrived home. A spontaneous smile appeared on my face and we looked into each other for what seemed like forever. I then looked away. Next morning I avoided him as I felt he was really dangerous.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Compute,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
1990,ADC,1246,60,,F,"Details are above, but I learned that my gut was right...there is a much larger picture and we just dont know about it...my favorite saying is that we just dont know it all....and wont until will die.    ",,United St,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,moder,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Real Es,,marri,widow,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
1991,ME ,1482,39,,F,    ,,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Auditor,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
1992,ME ,1235,81,,F,    ,,Citizen,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1993,ADC,1232,24,,F," When I went to sleep, I found myself on summer porch at my grandparents house. The entire family was there (including my Grandpa and my Uncle Gary) and we were eating like we used to do on 4th of July weekends when I was very young. I was sitting next to my Grandpa and told him that we were going to miss him very much. He looked at me, smiled, and said that he was very proud of each of his children and that he wished hed told them. I told him Id pass on the message (and I did during his eulogy).    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1994,ADC,1084,60,,F,"My beautiful dog, whom I was very attached to, passed away one month ago to the day. She died Nov. 6, 2012. Since her passing, I have had several experiences of her presence, however, the one I had this morning was startling. I had awakened around 5:15 a.m. and was laying on the living room sofa. I was in a state of light reverie and prayer, conscious of a warm presence around me. Suddenly, I heard something from my other dogs (still living) kennel cab. I got down on the floor to look into the kennel and saw my deceased dog sitting upright alongside the living dog. I called her name and she came closer and I picked her up. She had not only body weight but I felt her warmth. I said, This is a miracle. I held her for what seemed an eternity. Then suddenly, I found myself back on the sofa and startled. The experience was over. I was not a dream, as I know that I have never experienced the feeling of weight and warmth from holding anything in any dream state. It was quite surreal.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1995,ME ,1508,49,,M,we were sitting down in my dining room enjoying a BBQ steak dinner when my mother appeared to Stephen holding some objects that only I knew about chiefly a ball of white yarn a knitted baby dress  trimmed in  purple and knitting needles. He never knew  she knitted much less NEVER met her before she died. I started cryingand shaking because I knew it to be true the baby dresses she knitted and gave aways as gifts  for christening the babies    ,,landed,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Fed gov,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1996,ADC,1051,63,,M,"(See above). Three days after this experience, many of our extended family came to our house for support and to trade stories about Darrell. Before Darrells favorite niece, jessica, left for home, I told of the story of what had happened just after she had died. She went home and called me an hour later. She had just Googled the words the peace of God which passeth all understanding and found that it came from Pauls firts letter to the Phillipeans. There was a blog with entries from people who had commented about this phrase, basically how they had found so much comfort from them. The first blog was from someone named Darrell.    ",,US citize,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,Consult,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
1997,ME ,1322,24,,M,    ,,American,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1998,ME ,1166,28,,F,"I started to giggle at the ridiculousness of feeling alone. I was part of something so much larger. Not a major part, but like one of the atoms that make up everything. It made my smile to feel so much a part of everything.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,I had b,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
1999,OBE,1123,19,,M,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2000,ADC,1372,15,,F,"I only heard, I did not see anything other than the room I was standing in. I understood that my mother loved me.    ",,US citize,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2001,ME ,1068,21,,M,"This STE described below may seem mundane in comparison to several others Ive had in previous and later years. In my previous STEs I wasnt able to process the experiences correctly or truly appreciate their significance. However, I consider the experience Im about the share to be the most important. It has ultimately lead me to receive answers to many questions that I had accumulated in my life, up to that point. It has also lead me to a comforting state of existence. The most simplistic way I can describe the experiences is: the light was switched on, like flipping a switch for a light bulb. I had been so confused and full of important questions. Questions that my brain couldnt fathom at the time. These important questions now seemed to have attainable answers after the light was switched on. I was sitting, watching the movie in the theater. Literally, out of nowhere, my thought process evolved. it not only distressed me, but delighted me. I left the movie theater immediately, with my girlfriend. She was hysterical and upset that I couldnt give words to my emotions. I was to overwhelmed with emotion to accurately portray correct explanations. I was literally in tears the whole ride back to my parent house, about 15 miles away. I was finally able to mutter the words, I cant really describe this, I just feel a better connection with GOD!!. Immediately after I uttered those words, IMMEDIATELY, a beautiful white owl swooped in front of my car at 65MPH. Its a miracle in itself, that the owl wasnt smashed. This was instant reassurance that my feelings were profound. We stared at each other, mouths aghast. She, being a very stubborn religious person, instantly grasped my feelings. She said, wow, I understand now. When we arrived at my parents house, we discussed in depth, the implications. Neither of us really had the thought process, or capability, to understand the importance. After evolving spiritually, mentally, and emotionally, we both concur that this experience was a turning point in our cognitive evolution. The majestic quality and timing of the sighting was overwhelming. Three years earlier, my grandfather Robert Heinemann, had died. his dying, or re-birthing process, greatly affected my father and I. My grandfather was on kidney dialysis at the time. The burden on my grandmother, and his body, eventually became too much. The family decided to take him off dialysis and let him pass. I had visited him a few days before he died. He was in and out of earthly consciousness, conversing with dead friends, family members, and old acquaintances. I received the news he had died right before a high school, playoff, soccer match. I felt my grandfather during the game. I didnt feel him beside me, I felt him within me. The entire game I heard the words he had uttered to me before every game that he watched. He would say work as hard as you can and everything will pay off. This was always in the back of my head while playing games. But, this time it was different. The advice was not only in the front of my head, but had become tattooed into my soul. I played the game like a man possessed. I scored a pivotal, game tying goal. I also scored the game winning penalty kick. Walking up to the ball, before the game winning kick, was different. Spectators said the Washington rain halted. I thought of nothing. my mind was clear, pure, and focused. I wasnt thinking about my grandfathers re-birthing or losing the game. I didnt even feel my body until the ball hit the net. I then felt an overwhelming amount of joy. I knew that Grandpa Bob was within me on a spiritual level. It was amazing. In the days after this experience, I wanted to discover more. I believed in spirit, and the beyond, up until this point, but had never experienced it like this. This was personal and moving, to the point where I could barely comprehend the emotion. I thought more about the conversations he had with passed souls in the hospital. I thought more about his love and spirit within me. I thought about things that held little meaning to me, prior to his death. For three years I had put the experience in my vault. I somehow knew that I wasnt ready to fully face the answers for the questions I had. One thing did comfort me before the STEs mentioned above. I always had random run-ins with beautiful birds. The run-ins always occurred when my brain was calm and relaxed, in a meditative and comforting state. my first encounter was during our first annual family golf tournament. We decided to honor Grandpa Bob by hosting a golf event. Before my round started, we were warming up on the range. It was a beautiful Washington summer morning, very tranquil. I had another clear moment, at peace with everything. I gave thanks to Bob for allowing us to experience this day and come together. I was saying this in the back of m",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2002,OBE,1229,44,,M,"Almost immediately after taking the divine plant I began to fall out of my body. It was a wholly new sensation for me. After years of pursuing the actual out of body occurrence it was nothing as I had imagined it to be. There is noting that can compare one for the actual sensation. During numerous mediations I had always imagined myself rising above my body to look down and view myself. But this is not what actually happened. I actually fell into myself. I literally fell out of myself and by falling inside myself. And then instantly found myself floating above my body laying on the bed. The experience of being pulled out of the body was not an unpleasant sensation rather it was the first time to feel it and all firsts are usually associated with some fear. In this case it happened so fast and the train I was on had no exit routes, so I was on it for the duration. Once I was above my body the experience was quite pleasant. I was amazed at how I looked. I also notice the family cat was aware of my presence which I found quite interesting as it gazed upon my astral body. Just as I was becoming acquainted with my new surroundings I was yanked yet again in another direction at an astounding rate through a tunnel towards a light. Upon reaching the end of the tunnel I seemed to be deposited on the other side of a threshold. This place was completely and utterly spectacular. I was suddenly connected to everything was the feeling I remember most. I only needed to think of something and the associated response was with me. The communication was so much different here. I wasnt thinking in words but pictures associated with strong feelings and emotions. And I was like a newborn. I had very little experience in this new environment. It was very much a fish out of water experience. The thing that left the most lasting impression on me was this. I was able to look back on where I had just come from. The physical world. It was close. I could perceive it clearly as if it were a separate dimension but very close. I began to focus on the edges of it as it didnt seem to be wholly formed yet. The colors were so vibrant and alive.  So organic. The edges looked like caviar. And It came into me that I was perceiving the physical on a molecular level. I was so amazed. Then suddenly it came through me like a lightening bolt. These molecules perceived me. They were aware I was looking at them. Communication!! Images and information passed at an alarming rate. I was aware of the rythme and reason for everything coming into being. It filled me with a sense of joy I had never felt before. I laughed. I knew what life really was. These small bits of life....molecules...all formed based on collective thoughts. We all were creating everyday. We just didnt realize how powerful our thoughts we were. Then I was aware of a presence behind me. It was so brite and so large. My first thoughts were not of intrigue but of how small and dim I was. And just this tiny bit of hesitation flooded me with thoughts of....had I killed myself. Suddenly I was flooded with thoughts of fear. I wanted to know if I was alive. I yearned to feel my body again. So I prayed to feel my body again. And I was propelled in that direction. It was not an easy maneuver. It took some time to anchor myself in my body but it was accomplished. I had set up a timer on the side of the night stand. Total duration was 15 minutes. It had felt like an eternity. There was actually no sensation of time where I had gone. It did not exist.     ",,US citize,"251,00",spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Junio,Produce,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2003,DEE,1272,64,,F,"Hank and I vacationed every June at a resort in Lenox, Massachusetts. It was a week-long event that offered workshops to the many people who returned year after year.  For four years I gave a workshop called Conversations About God. This open forum invited people to talk about how they felt about God and about their spiritual experiences. It was not about religion, only God. We talked about the signs we received from God and about miracles we saw or heard in our personal lives. My goal for this workshop was for us to get close to God and to connect with each other. On Friday, June 26, 2009 at 1:45pm, I went to a room to conduct my workshop which was to start at 2:00. I was standing by the rooms door waiting to greet people as they arrived. A man walked up to me. He was a large man, about 62. He had white hair nicely styled...bald on top, longish on the bottom. He wore a geometric-designed tent garment that covered him from neck to knee. His face was clean-shaven with pink shiny cheeks. He had this powerful and pleasant look on his face. But I was struck by his face because it was glowing. There was an unmistakable glow coming from his face, as if a light was on inside his head. I could see that the glow was of a spiritual nature. I couldnt stop staring at his face and its glow. I asked this man if he was a minister. I was wondering if he was coming to my workshop for personal or professional reasons. He was friendly and said that he wasnt a minister but that he came for personal reasons. We chatted lightly while waiting for the rest of the people. Normally about 20-25 people came to my workshop but it was 2:00 and no one else showed up. We went inside and I set up chairs in a circle. One other man came. He was a regular participant who lived in Boston. We were friendly and teased each other because he was a Red Sox fan and I was a Yankees fan. By 2:10 I could see no one else was coming. I thought it was strange. Not even my husband Hank came that day and he came to all my other workshops. This man and I immediately locked into each other, talking. I dont really remember all that we talked about. That part of the conversation was blocked from my mind. The Boston man tried to talk with us but we totally ignored him, though not with malice, so he got up and left. The man and I continued our conversation. Then this stranger said to me, Youre an E.T. Master. I looked at him for a long while. I took him seriously, thats the strange part. Whats an E.T.? I was scared to ask this question because I kind of knew what ET meant and I was afraid to hear him say those words. He paused, staring at me, You know, an extraterrestrial. My spirit and my eyes were locked with his spirit and his eyes. Oh, I think I said. Im an Angel, he matter-of-factly said to me. I believed him. I believed everything he was telling me. I wasnt afraid of him and I didnt think he was crazy. I trusted and totally believed this total stranger. Thats whats so strange. I didnt even want to come up here, he said. I have work to do and a wife and children back home in Texas. I wasnt even planning to come to your workshop. I was sleeping but a loud noise woke me up so I looked on the agenda to see what workshops were scheduled. I saw your workshop and decided to come. Now I know I was sent here to see you. Whats your name? I asked. You can call me Fred. What work do you do? Im a CPA. What am I supposed to do? What are you saying to me? I dont understand. Are there books I should read? He looked away from me and said: You will be meeting people. They will show you the way. I dont remember what else we talked about in the one to two hours we talked. But I do remember that I was spiritually locked into him, like I was spiritually locked into the glow and cross and the ghost. He got up to leave and said goodbye. I said goodbye but I didnt get up. I couldnt get up. I was just sitting there, numb-like, just staring ahead. He stopped and turned around, Are you okay? Yes, Im okay, was all I could say. I sat alone in the room not really thinking about anything. Then I returned to Hank, told him a little bit about my unusual workshop but I didnt tell him then what Fred said to me. Later that night I saw Fred one more time at a dance our event put on. As soon as I saw him I went over to give him a big hug and a kiss on the cheek and I said thank you. He smiled. He didnt say anything, though. We parted and I went back to Hank and we danced the night away. I remember looking for Fred in the dance room but I never saw him again. I regret not knowing his last name or not asking for his contact information. I tried to find out more about him so I could contact him but the organizers of the event couldnt help me without a last name. When the event was over, my husband and I returned home and I waited for these people I was su",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2004,ADC,1097,46,,F,"I was asleep, but I was not dreaming. I suddenly knew my dad was there. And he WAS. He was real: this was not a dream. He was healthy and well, and he said, I love you. I couldnt say a word..and then he was gone.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Other,Other,,,never,never,none,very st,"100,000+",some,High sc,,divor,divor,Yes,none,All pleasant,adult
2005,DEE,1062,39,,F,"My first memory after the surgery was awakening in a very dark room and I was completely worn out from being cold. I was still shivering and all I could think about was being warm again. I was in a warming-type tube that was pumping hot air to warm me up. I have no idea of the time or how long I was drifting in and out of sleep. As I was lying there freezing &amp; shivering, I clearly remember that while my eyes were closed the light came on in the room. Instantly I was warm. I remember thinking, oh wow, I am finally warm. I was so relaxed and relieved to not be shivering. I was literally lying there basking in this warm light feeling so wonderful! At some point my logical side asked the question of who turned on the light? When I opened my eyes the entire room was filled with a brilliant light. What I remember very well was that this light although very bright, did not hurt my eyes. The light was beautiful, peaceful, pure. It is difficult to have the proper adjectives to describe this light. At some point I began looking around the room. Sitting at the foot of my bed was the figure of a man. I could not see his face as the light appeared to be radiating from behind Him. I knew without a doubt that this man was someone very important and spiritual. I felt no fear and had complete understanding at the time that I was in the presence of someone from heaven. Without speaking the way we do here on earth, He spoke to me. He said 4 very clear sentences to me. 1. You are going to be alright. 2. I have work for you to do. (I then asked, What kind of work? I will do anything.) 3. In My own time. 4. Now rest my child. It seemed that within a few seconds after the final message, the light went away and I immediately began shivering again and was cold.  I glanced over at my sleeping husband and said, did you see him? He looked at me as if I were crazy. I remember thinking that I had dreamt this but it was so very real, so physical and so peaceful. I was unable to really talk about this experience for a very long time. When I was able to share it, it was very, very emotional for me. I felt unworthy of this visit. Why me?  I also felt a profound peace concerning death. I knew without a shadow of a doubt that what I experienced was real and that when I did die, I would be going to a wonderful place where I would always be warm.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Biology,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2006,ADC,1334,20,,F,"I went into my patients room to set her up to eat the noon time meal. She was quiet, awake but not quite there, still breathing. While I was turning her from one side to the next, she died when I moved to the other side of the bed I saw her spirit or ghost hovering at her bedside, the spirit looked down at her own body, looked at me, looked down at her body and then turned away and vanished.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Young m,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2007,ADC,1232,24,,F," When I went to sleep, I found myself on summer porch at my grandparents house. The entire family was there (including my Grandpa and my Uncle Gary) and we were eating like we used to do on 4th of July weekends when I was very young. I was sitting next to my Grandpa and told him that we were going to miss him very much. He looked at me, smiled, and said that he was very proud of each of his children and that he wished hed told them. I told him Id pass on the message (and I did during his eulogy).    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2008,ME ,1543,44,,F,"As I stopped at the stop sign I suddenly was aware that I had a second set of eyelids, like some animals do. For the first time ( and so far the last) these eyelids opened. I could see, or it was somehow communicated to me, the reason for all the suffering in the world. I think I said out loud,Oh I see. I understand. It made sense to me. Then, these eyelids closed and I was there at the stop sign in the dark.    ",,U.S. citi,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Airline,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2009,ADC,1021,31,,F,He took me to a room full of people that had NO faces. I could not hear them talk. my dad reassured me that he was alrigt. He wanted me to stay but the people began to speak and cackle not mean but they protested.    ,,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,Real Es,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2010,ADC,1455,34,,F,"With regards to the above....when I got home, my husband was not there, but a note on the counter he had left me said Chryalsis, I am ashamed to say I didnt know how to pronounce it so I went about my usual chores. When my husband got home I asked him what it was, when he pronounced it everything came together, I was standing there with my mouth open. He went on to say it is a battered womans shelter who needs womens business clothes to help the women there get out and get a jog so they can be on their own and be successful. My best friend Amanda was adopted...she tried for years to find her birth mother....when she finally found her...it was two weeks after her birth mother had died from a beating from a husband. Amanda never got to meet her. I had no doubt this was a communication to me as to where she wanted her clothes to go. I have had several more communication even up to present day.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,I owned,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2011,DEE,1273,19,,F,What was observed was the white light and the image of Jesus. There was no sound at all. I saw His image but my friend did not. She remembers everything but did not see Him just outside the door. It confirmed in me that it all exists. It wasnt just something we talked about every Sunday Leaving it in the Hands of God wasnt just something to say...we can definitely rely on Him.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Clerica,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2012,ADC,1159,42,,F,"This seems like the same as above. Again, I am doing this for my mom who is about to read Proof of Heaven and for that reason, this came up again--the Mayo experience. She heard nothing, she observed these relatives who were deceased looking very serene and healthy (my grandfather had been paralyzed from a stroke for almost 5 months before he died on his birthday) My aunt had died from an anyurism (sp). So my mom says, she saw them, they smiled and looked right at her but did not speak. She was frightened at first, but then felt very peaceful and reassured. She learned that they were there to comfort her.    ",,usa    Q.,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,she was,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2013,NDA,1470,43,,M,"I did not see anything. I felt a sensation like energy pouring through me. It felt positively energizing. I heard the phrase No matter what happens, everything will be ok. I feel like I was somehow changed by that experience because I feel like I do not have to worry about my father. I cannot explain why I have this peace.    ",,Legal U.S,"50,000",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,undec,littl,"50,000 99",colle,Longsho,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2014,ADC,1118,40,,F,    ,,citizen U,"251,00",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",Did not,housewi,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2015,DEE,1503,42,,M,I had decided to do the plant based medicine Ibogaine HCL from Africa at my home with two friends present who were helpers and care givers if required. After taking Ibogaine 18.5 milligrams I began to feel dizzy and went and laid in my bed. Lights were off and all windows were darkened. I was semi sat up in bed with eyes wide open the whole experience. Post two hrs I began seeing light of all colours pour through my ceiling and into my room. I felt at the last point my body being raised and a sense of lightness. About 30 mins after all color had stopped flowing into my room where everything became kinda pixelated. I could see energy like dust particles clearly and then I could see masses of energy which quickly became vivid people in spirit. I could continue to see spirits seven in all and spiders and a big bull frog up until dusk. This the ibogaine wore off and everyone slowly disappeared again. It was miraculous.    ,,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,week,moder,very st,"50,000 99",High,Retired,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2016,NDE,1556,19,,M,"I didnt observe, hear, or feel anything too much. The ringing sound definitely commonly reported. Not too much, probably only the first layer of heaven, no Eben Alexander.    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",atheist,atheist,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2017,NDA,1208,53,,M," While semi-conscious, I was transported to a barren planet where I received a review of my life andwas sure that I would have to spend eternity alone.I was sure I was in Hell. I recived guidance to Return to the church of your youth and atone for your sins I was scared out of my wits.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Colonel,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
2018,DEE,1351,51,,M,See description above. The woman was like a stream of light in bright colour. I observed her very closely and can remember her vividly. I heard nothing. I felt terrified. What I learned was there is a state of consciousness between the waking state and the sleep state (dream state to me is sleep state). It was much more real than a dream. In fact it seemed completely real.    ,,New Zeala,"251,00",atheist,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Real Es,,divor,single,Unc,very little,All distressing,adult
2019,ME ,1554,39,,M,I realized my nature isn&#180;t n the field of thoughts    ,,Spanish,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",post,Medical,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2020,ADC,1069,43,,F,"In my dream, I was sitting on my front porch on a concrete bench, enjoying a beautiful sunny day. As i looked into the blue sky, I saw little pinpoints of light appearing one of which became larger and larger and hovered over me. I understood it to say that my brother was coming to see me and I turned to see him sitting beside me on the bench. He teased me about my jewelry (something he did quite a lot)and told me he loved me. I got to tell him goodbye and tell him I loved him as well. Then, He was gone.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Physica,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2021,ME ,1507,20,,M,"After driving to my friends house after the concert we packed into his basement. No parents were home. Now at 12:30 at night I thought the effects of the mushrooms were wearing off. After staring at a spiral tapestry for a moment, I spun into a deep state of transcendence. I have had experience with psychedelics before in the past but never experienced anything close to what happened next. I sat in a circular cozy sofa and closed my eyes and my consciousness entered a dimension where it felt as if I had tapped into an eternal network of knowledge. Bursts of ideas regarding life and its wonders popped into my consciousness like bubbles, each identifying value which could not be explained by words very easily. An understanding of love was undeniable as it clearly is the adhesive force binding all of life. I understood that life requires a balance of the extremes and that death is nothing to fear but simply the critical point where our spirits transcend the physical realm. I could not see anything worth noting but the knowledge brought to my attention introduced me to the most profound spiritual presence I could ever ask to experience. This went o for roughly 5 hours as I would open my eyes occasionally and enter reality briefly only yo close them and dive back into the network.    ",,    Q.  Q,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,Student,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2022,ADC,1316,27,,F,"I felt a presence in the room and looked to my left, my grandfather was standing in is grey work uniform, he was completely solid in appearance and looked like he always had. He smiled at me and then shifted his gaze to my boys on the floor, smiled and was gone.    ",,United St,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Medical,,marri,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2023,ADC,1364,25,,F,"I sat on the edge of the bed as Shawn tried to comfort me, my crying seemed to intensify with the downpour of the rain. I looked up at the ceiling in our bedroom asking God for a sign. I asked him as a Catholic, saying out loud: I have faith and I know they say he is in a better place, but I need MORE! I need PROOF that he is OKAY! And just as I shouted this at God a sudden loud bang and flash of white light filled the bedroom. Shawn and I physically jumped out of bed because the crash was so loud we thought the window was going to crash in on us. We looked at each other, puzzled. Was that for us? Because the timing was just as if God was answering my prayer. Just as that happened we began to calm down and the rain also subsided. I told Shawn that it felt like an answer from God and it was so strange. The next morning Shawn went out to our car that was parked on the street. He heard muffled music playing that grew louder as he got nearer. When he opened the car door the radio was blasting music very loud on my brothers favourite radio station. When Shawn tried to shut the radio off, it would not turn off, he had to pull the system out of its dock to make it turn off. The radio remained like that for years. The wires were fried because that night our building and our car was hit by lightening, the very lightening that crashed outside our window at the very moment I asked God for a sign / for proof that John was okay. That isnt the end of it. From then on it was like the floodgates had opened. I got all kinds of signs from John, all kinds of instances of after-death communication, including a full apparition, physical phenomenon, electronic phenomenon and I would like to share that all here. I could write my own book about all the signs John gave me and my family after his death. He loved us so much his love transcended death and the tragedy of his loss made it that much more important that he get through to us and let us know he was okay. And God made it possible for him to do that.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Teacher,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2024,ADC,1537,48,,F,    ,,Dual citi,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,School,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2025,DEE,1239,36,,F,"It is very hard to describe because I didnt see anything with me eyes, however, I FELT everything very strongly. The energy and the love/acceptance that the being emanated was FAR STRONGER and more VAST than what is humanly possible, therefore I did not feel that the entity was human (as in, a deceased relative). The energy was so huge and positively powerful, that I strongly felt it was a higher dimensional being, eg. an angel, spirit guide or God themself. The strength of the unconditional love/acceptance was WAY beyond human love. I could sense that with every fibre of my being. The experience left me in NO DOUBT that I had just experienced a Divine Entity Encounter.    ",,7th gener,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,never,moder,littl,"0 24,999",High,Compute,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2026,PLR,1429,26,,M,"I felt lots of love, it make me to research on reincarnation stories.    ",,I am a ci,"100,00",religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"25,000 49",some,Ladies,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2027,NDE,1162,16,,F,I felt peaceful beyond peaceful. I saw beauty beyond beauty. I heard singing and music so exquisite that I can not describe them. That has been my problem-there are no words to describe.    ,,USA    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,none,,single,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
2028,NDE,1513,17,,M,Remember seeing a light at the end of a tunnel    ,,US/UK joi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,undec,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,youth
2029,NDE,1010,19,,F,i saw a light; i felt compassion and love; i cant really describe what i heard i guess i also heard compassion and love    ,,citizen,1 mill,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,unemplo,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2030,ADC,1021,31,,F,He took me to a room full of people that had NO faces. I could not hear them talk. my dad reassured me that he was alrigt. He wanted me to stay but the people began to speak and cackle not mean but they protested.    ,,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,Real Es,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2031,DEE,1426,18,,F,"I had been battling depression for a year or two. I was at the point of not being able to feel many emotions, I was anxious, and waking each morning felt like more of a curse than a blessing. On a random morning I awoke to a feeling of great love, and a voice inside me said everything will be ok from now on. This feeling of love lasted the entire day. I was in love but didnt know why or how, and this feeling was felt for every person I met that day, including strangers. The next morning when I woke this feeling was gone, and I was back to having no feelings at all, back in my depressed state. I had never experienced a feeling like this before, and it was so strong, and came out of nowhere, that I figured it must be the love of God. This encounter healed me, and set me on a course of learning more about God.    ",,natural b,1 2000,agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",some,high sc,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2032,ME ,1362,40,,F,well I saw my father sitting up in his hospital bed completely bathed in light white white light. He was glowing. He was very happy. The ventilation tube had been removed from his throat. He said to us that the worst part about the surgery was the ventilation tube and machine. He was so glad to have it out. I told me Mom about it and I had a strong feeling that my dad was going to be fine and come away okay from the surgery. When I told my Mom she wondered if the bright light could have meant my Dad had died. But I assured her that I knew he was going to be just fine. Well. That day when we visited my Dad in the hospital he was sitting up in bed there was light from the window on him illuminating him! He said The worst part of it all was the ventilation tube.    ,,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,moder,moder,"100,000+",maste,Childre,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2033,NDE,1281,38,,F,    ,,American,1 2000,agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Registe,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2034,NDE,1487,30,,M,    ,,  Colombi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,  fine,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2035,DEE,1275,22,,F,"As I walked down the hallway I felt as though I had hit a wall. The sounds in my ear were what felt like if someone were opening and closing their mouth into your ear. It were almost like words but were things I could not understand. The feeling of wind passing on top of it all gave me the assurance that my mother must be behind me. Wen I looked around and no one was there I was startled and started screaming. When I looked into my fathers room which lit up the hallway and his bedroom due to the television glow I noticed he was sitting wide awake in his chair smiling at me very calmly and said it was ok and to go back to bed. That instant all the memories of my dad explaining he had been visited by his angel had flashed into my mind and I panicked and said ok and went back into my room. Once there I felt no longer scared but so very grateful for the chance to witness that it was all real, that angels and god and heaven, its all real. I felt as though it was gods way if saying we are here and iChat my father was going to be ok and so was I.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",High,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2036,OBE,1148,62,,M,It was as I described above. Im not sure what I learned except that it was so real and I know that consciousness can survive outside my body.    ,,US Citize,2001 2,atheist,agnostic,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,moder,none,"50,000 99",maste,Retired,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
2037,ADC,1059,10,,F,"My mother called me to come downstairs. Her voice was very clear and I yelled down to answer her that I was coming. I closed my book and went quickly down the stairs. When I got to the bottom of the stairs, it suddenly hit me that it could not have been my mother calling because she had died the year before. I asked my stepmother if she had called me. She did not. At that point, I went back upstairs feeling that my mother was just touching base with me. It was a comforting feeling.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2038,OBE,1421,54,,F,I saw what I imagine must have been a vision:very simply clouds &amp; sunlight in a bright sky but I was in the sky about plane height. The vision was incredibly clear a dream would me very fuzzy in comparison. I could SEE every detail    ,,South Afr,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,avera,moder,"0 24,999",some,medical,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2039,DEE,1515,4,,F,"I think I learned that the life i was living there, at that time, was not permanent. I developed ways to cope with my Moms constant anger etc. I somehow knew that i would find love and that my life would get better. It was very very difficult to survive and develop my own internal support system.    ",,citizen U,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I was a,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2040,DEE,1426,18,,F,"I had been battling depression for a year or two. I was at the point of not being able to feel many emotions, I was anxious, and waking each morning felt like more of a curse than a blessing. On a random morning I awoke to a feeling of great love, and a voice inside me said everything will be ok from now on. This feeling of love lasted the entire day. I was in love but didnt know why or how, and this feeling was felt for every person I met that day, including strangers. The next morning when I woke this feeling was gone, and I was back to having no feelings at all, back in my depressed state. I had never experienced a feeling like this before, and it was so strong, and came out of nowhere, that I figured it must be the love of God. This encounter healed me, and set me on a course of learning more about God.    ",,natural b,1 2000,agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",some,high sc,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2041,ADC,1376,48,,F,"I walked into my house. I still had the door open and I felt a presence behind the door. It was a little unnerving (I had often in my childhood felt unseen presences which frightened me). However this time I stopped and stood still, listening. The information I received was on a knowing level that the presence I felt was my father. He stood very quiet, not intrusive. I felt supported, like he was saying I will be here to help you and Jeremy through. I was pretty distraught most of the time, but his presence was like an anchor. His being there told me there was life after life and where he was was where my son was going also. So that was comforting.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,graphic,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2042,NDE,1197,17,,F,"I was standing by the deep end of the pool, when a boy from the football team tackled me and sent me to the bottom of the pool. As I sat on the bottom of the pool, the Virgin Mary appeared to my on my right hand side. She was bathed in a pure, light with soft cream and blue colors. She spoke to me with out words, she said.. relax, it is not your time to go yet. I felt peace, love, calmness..    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2043,DEE,1468,64,,F,    ,,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,I have,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2044,OBE,1007,5,,F,I just remember how pleasant it was. It was something I enjoyed doing.     ,,U.S.    Q,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,avera,none,"100,000+",docto,I was 5,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
2045,ME ,1432,40,,M,Because I have written extensively about my experience I have chosen to wait until I can attach a pdf document.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Psychot,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2046,ME ,1414,44,,F,"I felt a heavy melancholy settle within me. It felt like my stomach had dropped out, and I was filled with a large black empty feeling. It was so weird, I told my husband about it. I had never felt that way. The room seemed filled with a gauze of gray cloudiness, that I referred to as drear. I stopped &amp; thought, What is happening here? Then I realized my mother had died. The feeling was so overwhelming, I was sure she had died at that instant, &amp; made a mental note of the time. I had never had so deep a feeling in my life. I told my husband my mom had died. He did not question. He asked if I wanted to call home, &amp; I said, No shes dead. Theres nothing more to do. He asked if I wanted to stop in Rockford where my mom lived, on the way home to Chicago. I said, No. We went to the art fair in Madison as planned, and I slowly prepared myself for what was to come seeing my estranged family again. On the way home to Chicago, we stopped in Rockford for dinner. My husband asked if I wanted to call home or stop. No. I wanted to go home. I needed time.    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,jewelry,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
2047,ADC,1159,42,,F,"This seems like the same as above. Again, I am doing this for my mom who is about to read Proof of Heaven and for that reason, this came up again--the Mayo experience. She heard nothing, she observed these relatives who were deceased looking very serene and healthy (my grandfather had been paralyzed from a stroke for almost 5 months before he died on his birthday) My aunt had died from an anyurism (sp). So my mom says, she saw them, they smiled and looked right at her but did not speak. She was frightened at first, but then felt very peaceful and reassured. She learned that they were there to comfort her.    ",,usa    Q.,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,she was,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2048,ME ,1322,24,,M,    ,,American,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2049,ME ,1379,49,,F,"I wish my daughter was writing this but I can share my experience. My daughter and I are very close. We have an unusually amazing mother \xe2\x80\x93 daughter relationship. I was scared during the 30 minutes she was in the cabinet and the lights were out. I stayed hyper aware of my surroundings. I knew Mychael was the real deal but I had a small amount of doubt in my mind that apporting was real and not a show. Inside the cabinet were s&#233;ance trumpets. One of the s&#233;ance trumpets was in front of my daughter but far enough away that she could not tip it over. She was seated in a chair, in the middle of the cabinet. After chanting, I heard something in the cabinet. It sounded like feet shuffling. Then, the trumpet tipped over. I got scared! I asked Mychael what he was doing and he told me it was not him. He was sitting in his chair the entire time and no one else could have possibly entered the space. He told me he thought an Ascended Master was trying to use the trumpet to talk to us! I began to shake! I have never been near anything like this. I am open-minded but full of old dogma from the JW religion. All my fears came up. I was scared but stayed silent. Soon, I felt the curtain on the cabinet brush across my foot. Mychael and I were sitting just outside the cabinet curtains so I would feel comfortable with my daughters training. Now, I am really getting freaked out. I could hear the pvc pipes that hold the curtains on the cabinet creaking. I checked with my hand to be sure Mychael was not pulling a prank on me. He wasn\xe2\x80\x99t; he was right there next to me in his chair. In all the years that Mychael has been trying to train people to apport, no one has apported! Especially not on their first try.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"100,000+",maste,She is,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2050,OBE,1340,20,,F,"I think I pretty much covered it above. There was no other person involved other than the driver of the other car who I did not see. As it was happening, I felt calm. Afterwards, I was shaken. I only saw myself a profile of my face calmly driving the car no hint of the desperate situation I was in.  In hindsight, I feel that there was devine intervention that my guardian angel protected me and got me out of that dangerous situation.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,College,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2051,ME ,1009,18,,F,"One of the weirdest things about this experience was the feeling of getting shot in the head. Actually, I didnt feel a thing, but I remember how my vision exploded in red. I remember how I vaguely felt my body hitting the ground and being unable to stop it, even as I, as a spirit, got yanked out of my body. I didnt feel a bit of pain, and Im usually very scared of blood, but I wasnt scared of the blood I saw coming out of me as I died--just intrigued, but not emotionally connected to it. As a spirit, I learned that I look very different than how I look physically. This experience taught me that I, Theresa, am actually a combination of three women who I was in other lifetimes--and I learned that we dont have to live our lifetimes in chronological order, and those lifetimes can overlap on each other, too. I learned that I, Theresa, am a combination of these three women:-a German Jewish girl who was about sixteen when she died in one of the concentration camps during the Holocaust-an American (Caucasian) woman who was in her 30s when she died in the 1980s-a Caucasian woman with shoulder-length, flaming red hair who was the captain of a starship and had died in the 2300s or thereabouts. She was in her late 20s-early 30s. Id lived all three of these lifetimes before this one. I learned that I, Theresa, am a composite of all three of these women. Im not exactly my own person. Im unique, yes--but I was created from these three women. Looking back on whats happened in the 2000s in our physical world, Im astounded that I basically saw our wars in Iraq and Afghanistan several years before they happened. Back in 1998, it was a lot easier to dismiss this experience as some really vivid dream, emphasis on dream. When I was 18, I couldnt fathom circumstances when the US would choose to wage war against anyone else. It was really easy to dismiss this aspect of my experience as something out of an action movie, perhaps. And I distinctly felt what the other soldiers were feeling--this grief over the fact that they knew, at the time of their deaths, that they would be dying so far away from home for a pointless war. The soldiers in my dream knew this full well as they died. They were extremely sad about this. If I had to describe it, it was like they had this immense, low, wailing grief--something very heavy and sad, like low, gray storm clouds. Back in 1998, one of the things that really amazed me was that the littlest promises we make are, indeed, kept. To go back to this brother of mine: We were fans of James Camerons movie, TITANIC, and we met in an email mailing list. We ended up talking a lot via IM. I dont think we ever exchanged pictures, even. But he was the first to say that he felt like I was his little sister, which was odd because he is an only child, like me. He liked calling me Sis a lot, and I called him big bro, although I dont think I felt this sibling bond quite as strongly as he did. We did talk about the supernatural, and about life beyond death. He talked about being in the US Army for some period of time. I dont know how our conversations got to this point, but we made a promise to each other: that if it really was true that there was life beyond death, whoever would die first would go to the other person and be there for them when it was their time to die. In the case of my experience, I died first and, as promised, I visited him--even if I, at least, had completely forgotten about making this promise in the first place.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",some,student,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2052,DEE,1510,15,,M,"I will try not to repeat myself (from above). I was shocked at first and I felt fear engulf and paralyze my body. Eventually, I composed myself (because the lighted Christ entity was not going away) and I decided I was not going to be fearful, so I looked up again and just experienced the vision in front of me for several minutes. I looked around into the night darkness, and saw two sources of light in front of me the campfire and the lighted Christ entity to the left of the fire ring. The camp fire seating was organized in a semi-circle (around the fire pit). I was seated in the middle on the first row between two female friends. I eventually asked one of them if they saw anything. She said no.     ",,Resident,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,None. I,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2053,DEE,1090,24,,M,"A friend of mine, Gary, a co-worker at Babcocks, was trying to convince me of the reality of Spiritualism for several weeks or months prior. I was drowzing in the break room when afterward I recalled hearing a gentle male voice very much like that of a radio announcer explain to me that I needed to spend time with my oldest son, two at the time, due to his three month absence.    ",,I am a Un,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,I was a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2054,ADC,1537,48,,F,    ,,Dual citi,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,School,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2055,DEE,1420,15,,M,"On the third day in the hospital, the day I had planned to end my life, I spent the only night of my treatment without a roommate. In hindsight, however, I know that I was not alone that evening. During a period of intense reflection, I decided to open the Bible that was provided in each room. I casually flipped through the pages and eventually turned to the back cover where someone had scribbled a few of their favorite verses, one of which was Ecclesiastes 7:17. I immediately located chapter 7 / verse 17 in the very top right corner of the page, next to the page number of 717, where the number 717 was scratched in pen directly above the page number. I was strangely comforted and terrified simultaneously as I read the words, \xe2\x80\x9cBe not over much wicked; neither be thou foolish. Why shouldest thou die before thy time.\xe2\x80\x9d The rest of the chapter proceeds to advise the reader against submitting to the extremes of both righteousness and wickness, foolishness and wisdom, and purity and profane. Ill always have a physical monument of this miraculous affirmation of Gods love for me because, like the heathen I am, I took advantage of my lone solitary evening in the hospitial to secretly remove the passage which I carry on my person to this day.  Though I did not realize it until ten years after the fact, this was a covenent with God that was initiated before I ever even entered the hospital. Shortly before I plotted my suicide and entered the hospital, I had carved a cross into my chest and filled it with black ink as I selfishly pleaded with God to end my girlfriends unintended pregnancy. At the age of fifteen, my shortsighted naivity deluded my judgment into thinking this child would mark the end of my existence. Shortly thereafter, my girlfriend miscarried an innocent life whose destiny was not its own. I had desperately pleaded with God to change the course of my life and received more than I bargained for when, to my surprise, our covenent was sealed during that third evening in that hospital. The undoubted reason that God used the trifect appearance of 717 to get my attention is because 717 indicates the month and day of my birth on July 17, 1987. It was through this miracle that God sealed our first covenant with the symbol of 717. Little did I know, this was only the beginning of a wealth of revelations that have continued to unfold through the present day.    ",,United St,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I was 1,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2056,ME ,1073,46,,M,As described above    ,,US Citize,1 mill,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",Did not,Both be,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2057,ME ,1504,45,,M," I was thinking over and over .  So, all I have to do is ask for help and you will help? After thinking about this for a few minutes . .. What happened is hard to explain . All I know is that I had closed my eyes and when I opened them all of the insanity was gone. The anger ,hatred for others ,resentment etc was completely gone. Everything I saw was somehow brighter and beautiful. Including the rusty mail box I was parked next to.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",High,Letter,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2058,ME ,1207,12,,M,"when i was given the anesthetic (mask), i immediately was out of it. what i saw and experienced was other worldly. i heard a musical vibrating sound (like a tuning fork) and music that i had never heard before or since. it was very melodic and somehow familiar, but not from this world. and i saw a spinning light that would seem to dart off in a direction when i would feel pain (probably from the procedure). the experience was very strange. nothing that has ever happened to me before or since compares to it.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"50,000 99",colle,student,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2059,DEE,1273,19,,F,What was observed was the white light and the image of Jesus. There was no sound at all. I saw His image but my friend did not. She remembers everything but did not see Him just outside the door. It confirmed in me that it all exists. It wasnt just something we talked about every Sunday Leaving it in the Hands of God wasnt just something to say...we can definitely rely on Him.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Clerica,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2060,ME ,1068,21,,M,"This STE described below may seem mundane in comparison to several others Ive had in previous and later years. In my previous STEs I wasnt able to process the experiences correctly or truly appreciate their significance. However, I consider the experience Im about the share to be the most important. It has ultimately lead me to receive answers to many questions that I had accumulated in my life, up to that point. It has also lead me to a comforting state of existence. The most simplistic way I can describe the experiences is: the light was switched on, like flipping a switch for a light bulb. I had been so confused and full of important questions. Questions that my brain couldnt fathom at the time. These important questions now seemed to have attainable answers after the light was switched on. I was sitting, watching the movie in the theater. Literally, out of nowhere, my thought process evolved. it not only distressed me, but delighted me. I left the movie theater immediately, with my girlfriend. She was hysterical and upset that I couldnt give words to my emotions. I was to overwhelmed with emotion to accurately portray correct explanations. I was literally in tears the whole ride back to my parent house, about 15 miles away. I was finally able to mutter the words, I cant really describe this, I just feel a better connection with GOD!!. Immediately after I uttered those words, IMMEDIATELY, a beautiful white owl swooped in front of my car at 65MPH. Its a miracle in itself, that the owl wasnt smashed. This was instant reassurance that my feelings were profound. We stared at each other, mouths aghast. She, being a very stubborn religious person, instantly grasped my feelings. She said, wow, I understand now. When we arrived at my parents house, we discussed in depth, the implications. Neither of us really had the thought process, or capability, to understand the importance. After evolving spiritually, mentally, and emotionally, we both concur that this experience was a turning point in our cognitive evolution. The majestic quality and timing of the sighting was overwhelming. Three years earlier, my grandfather Robert Heinemann, had died. his dying, or re-birthing process, greatly affected my father and I. My grandfather was on kidney dialysis at the time. The burden on my grandmother, and his body, eventually became too much. The family decided to take him off dialysis and let him pass. I had visited him a few days before he died. He was in and out of earthly consciousness, conversing with dead friends, family members, and old acquaintances. I received the news he had died right before a high school, playoff, soccer match. I felt my grandfather during the game. I didnt feel him beside me, I felt him within me. The entire game I heard the words he had uttered to me before every game that he watched. He would say work as hard as you can and everything will pay off. This was always in the back of my head while playing games. But, this time it was different. The advice was not only in the front of my head, but had become tattooed into my soul. I played the game like a man possessed. I scored a pivotal, game tying goal. I also scored the game winning penalty kick. Walking up to the ball, before the game winning kick, was different. Spectators said the Washington rain halted. I thought of nothing. my mind was clear, pure, and focused. I wasnt thinking about my grandfathers re-birthing or losing the game. I didnt even feel my body until the ball hit the net. I then felt an overwhelming amount of joy. I knew that Grandpa Bob was within me on a spiritual level. It was amazing. In the days after this experience, I wanted to discover more. I believed in spirit, and the beyond, up until this point, but had never experienced it like this. This was personal and moving, to the point where I could barely comprehend the emotion. I thought more about the conversations he had with passed souls in the hospital. I thought more about his love and spirit within me. I thought about things that held little meaning to me, prior to his death. For three years I had put the experience in my vault. I somehow knew that I wasnt ready to fully face the answers for the questions I had. One thing did comfort me before the STEs mentioned above. I always had random run-ins with beautiful birds. The run-ins always occurred when my brain was calm and relaxed, in a meditative and comforting state. my first encounter was during our first annual family golf tournament. We decided to honor Grandpa Bob by hosting a golf event. Before my round started, we were warming up on the range. It was a beautiful Washington summer morning, very tranquil. I had another clear moment, at peace with everything. I gave thanks to Bob for allowing us to experience this day and come together. I was saying this in the back of m",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2061,ADC,1256,56,,M,"The following can best described as a conversation I had, in the middle of the night, with the spirit of my deceased friend, Gayle. She was a high school pal from my senior year at a well-known arts boarding school in Michigan. She passed away in January after a long grueling bout with cancer. Of course, we didn\xe2\x80\x99t speak in exact words, (other than the comment about \xe2\x80\x9c56 or 57 years\xe2\x80\x9d which I remember clearly), but I have written what was said in that wonderful, brief moment of connection when I felt I had a peek behind the curtain of mortality. Gayle Hey, Mike! Mike Gayle! Gayle I\xe2\x80\x99m OK, here. I\xe2\x80\x99m happy and at peace. Thank you for remembering me, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t want you to feel so badly. Mike I miss you so much! Gayle I know it seems like my life was cut short, but we don\xe2\x80\x99t say, \xe2\x80\x9cGayle lived 56 or 57 years\xe2\x80\x9d here. How long you were on earth doesn\xe2\x80\x99t matter. What matters is if you had a good life \xe2\x80\x93 if you knew God\xe2\x80\x99s love and touched other people with it. Mike Gayle \xe2\x80\x93 I understand \xe2\x80\x93 Quality not Quantity! Gayle Exactly! Mike, I had a wonderful life, so don\xe2\x80\x99t feel badly \xe2\x80\x93 just know peace and joy for me now. Mike I do feel it, Gayle. And I can be happy for you \xe2\x80\x93 I feel your peace and joy. It must be what heaven feels like. Gayle I love you, Mike. Mike (raising hand to touch a presence) Thank you, Gayle \xe2\x80\x93  And she was gone\xe2\x80\xa6    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Musicia,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2062,OBE,1521,43,,F,"I had a two part experience with this series. I had an OBE with the first and fourth meditation. In the first meditation I experienced a dropping down into my heart. Once that happened, I felt myself leave my physical body. I found myself in the rings of Saturn. I observed this area for a bit. I could feel something like wind and could hear the planet rotating. I watched as rocky material went by. I say watched, but it wasnt like watching with your eyes. I felt like I was going in a circular motion and felt like I was standing, but not really standing. I shifted my consciousness to look down because I felt like I had moved from the rings to somewhere else. I found my consciousness in the middle of the DNA helix. It seems like I stayed there for quite awhile and could feel a sense of awe. I felt in awe throughout this whole experience. I then found myself sort of floating in what felt and looked like darkness, but not scary darkness more like space darkness. I became aware of a shape, but it was on a mammoth scale. There is nothing that I can even compare it to. It felt like God, OM, greatness. I was then in the middle of what seemed like what would be comparable to the bloodstream. I was moving very fast and saw lots of red around me. This shifted from the bloodstream to the galaxies, other planets, humans, animals, trees, everything. I felt like I was being shown that everything is connected and on an even larger scale, we make (everything) actually makes up God/OM. We are the heart, everything is about the heart. In the 4th mediation I had a similar, but different experience. I dropped down into my heart again, but I stayed there for a bit. I had the sensation that I was laying on my left side. I could hear a muffled heart beat. Not a perfect beat and it sounded as if it may even be skipping beats, but so comforting. I became aware of the feeling of warm fluid all around me and inside my nose, lungs, mouth. I could see my right hand, but it was very tiny and very pink. It was mostly dark, but a little bit of white light was around the edges of this space. I felt as if this was me and I was in my mothers womb. I remember feeling the most comforted I ever have. It was so comforting, but also very confining, but not in a bad way. From there, I felt like I was in a white light spiral. The spiral shot the purest white light through my heart and out of the crown of my head-simultaneously. My consciousness catapulted out of my chest, but also through my head. Up, straight up and fast, but completely enveloped with white light and love. I felt like there were beings that were moving with me, supporting me, but they had no physical characteristics. They were pure light.    ",,American,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Yoga st,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2063,OBE,1392,22,,M,"This story is an account of an amazing venture into the future that came about by what I, years later, came to know as a Near Death Experience. Although I wasnt physically near death at the time, I experienced all the earmarks of a classic Near Death Experience, including leaving my physical body and traveling at tremendous speeds through a variety of mystical dimensions.   A Window in Time By Joe   The cold March rain dripped steadily off the back porch awning as I ran water for my morning coffee. Through the kitchen window I could see streaks of snow across the muddy back yard. Where the yard ended and the dark gray bark of maple trees along the hillside took over, the snow still covered all the land. The phone rang. Setting down the coffee pot, I reached for the phone. Hello. I said. You wanna meet for lunch? Jim asked without even bothering to say hello. Sure, I replied. Anything to get me out and away from the boredom. We exchanged a few more words and hung up. I put the coffee pot on the stove, grabbed a quick shower, put on a sweatshirt, poured myself a cup of coffee, and sat down to read a couple chapters from an Eric Von Daniken book I had just picked up the day before. A couple hours later, I put on a rainproof windbreaker and headed for town. When I arrived at Charlies Lounge, Jim was already there. Whats the special?, I asked the bartender.  Burger and fries, he said. Good enough for me, I replied. Put some cheese on it too. Jim looked over and smiled. You wanna beer? Ah, its a little early for that I said. Come on, one with lunch wont hurt you. he said. Get him a draught, he said to the bartender. Jim was a road construction worker who hadnt been working for the past couple weeks due to the incessant rain. Id known him since we were kids. His boredom wasnt as intense as mine, but the cold, dreary rain was getting a lot of people down in this tiny Pennsylvania railroad town. It was a tough little town along the edge of the Allegheny Mountains in central Pennsylvania. The heart of Appalachia was just a few minutes away. The Vietnam War was just winding down and Watergate was front page news every day. Life, like the weather, was bleak. A month earlier I had finished a two year stint as a Military Policeman in Germany.  I was accustomed to the excitement of constant stimulation. As a policeman I had weathered the drama and tragedy of the Munich Olympics, witnessed first hand the violence of the militant Baader-Meinhof Gang, and while wearing the white hat of law enforcement, had been front and center in the unpredictable and dangerous world of heroin addiction. Okay, Ill sip on a beer, I said to the bartender. Jim smiled. When I looked in his direction I could see a couple guys playing a game of pool. Immediately my radar went off. Two brothers were playing a game of eightball. One of the brothers was a year older than me, and had been a superb football player. The other brother was a year younger than me and had always been a bit of a troublemaker. And, he was drunk! It just past noon and he was drunker than a skunk. Several years earlier, I had been in an all out fight with the younger one. I had knocked him down and was on top of him, pounding the living daylights out of him when someone pulled me off.  Here he was again. Drunk, and this time with his older brother, who it appeared he was going to try and impress. He was staring at me. His face was getting red. I could feel my adrenalin surging. Every drop of testosterone in my body was lit up. The two years in the military had added 30 pounds of muscle to my body. I had been trained in judo and self defense techniques. I was capable of putting anyone into submission in seconds. I was ready! To avoid initiating any confrontation and to maintain my focus, I chose to gaze at the cue ball(the all white pool ball) as it bounded around the pool table. A moment went by, then two. I kept my focus on the cue ball. I began developing a slightly different mind set. I clearly remembering saying to myself, I choose to not allow my emotions to dictate my actions. I choose to just stay focused on the neutral cue ball. Then BOOM, it happened. Suddenly, without warning, my entire state of consciousness shot directly out of the top of my head. Everything I knew to be me was traveling at a tremendous rate of speed, and accelerating by the second. At first I seemed to have shot through a tunnel like zone, then into a brightly lit world. I went past cities, land masses, continents, entire worlds. and universes. I clearly remember seeing a great River. I remember thinking at the time that it must be the River that St John spoke of in Revelations. I remember clearly because, at the time, I was a dyed in the wool atheist. But I didnt stop there. I just zipped on by. I saw things and concepts that I just didnt understand, bu",,US    Q.,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,militar,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2064,NDE,1093,29,,F,"The next thing I became aware of after being in the hallway was seeing my body below me. I was lying on a table, my lower half covered in blue draping. There was a doctor handing someting to a person at my right shoulder who took it and quickly and turned her back to me. I saw her arms moving very quickly, but couldn\xe2\x80\x99t see what she was doing. There was blood all over my abdomen. Another doctor was threading something into my chest, he was at my left side. Someone else came into the room to my right.  I was \xe2\x80\x9cfloating\xe2\x80\x9d past the ceiling. I was aware of this detail and found it interesting. I was \xe2\x80\x9cKrista\xe2\x80\x9d but not attached to the body below or the events going on in the room. I was simply an observer. I wanted to keep watching but was pulled to my left by a very strong force. I resisted only for an instant, then knew I must go. It was almost as if I was \xe2\x80\x9csucked\xe2\x80\x9d into this tunnel-like space. There were no defining \xe2\x80\x9cwalls\xe2\x80\x9d, only a static-like grey/white/black type of atmosphere throughout. I was a part of this static. I was moving at lightening speed. There was no time, and I remained Krista throughout the entire event. In the tunnel I next felt the bliss of all-penetrating, all encompassing love. No words can describe this feeling. I was \xe2\x80\x9chome\xe2\x80\x9d. All the questions I\xe2\x80\x99d ever had in my life were answered in an instant. The confirmation I was given was that we are here to love one another. Period. We are here to love. The next thing that happened was I was emerging from the static to a light grey illumination that was sort of milky cloudy in substance. There were beings lined up to my left, waiting for me to arrive. I did not know any of these beings. There was a young boy, around 12, who wore a round brimmed hat, like a child would have in the 1800\xe2\x80\x99s. For an instant I wanted to be there, then I didn\xe2\x80\x99t. I was back in the tunnel very briefly when it opened up to this vast, indescribably beautiful landscape. Breathtaking. I was immensely joyful and so very loved by it and everything. There were bright yellow flowers spread out across the ground in front of me. A forest lay to the right. A rock waterfall surrounded in lush greenery to the left. Past the flowers were undulating green grass hills dotted with trees and a bright blue sky above. It was Eden. It was home. In an instant I was given the choice to leave and I did. I knew I needed to be back here and be a mother. My next memory was of being in the ICU.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Physici,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2065,DEE,1295,5,,F,"I was about 5 years old. I was going through emotional trauma because my parents were divorcing and my beloved father had suddenly, without warning to me, and permanently left our home, leaving me to fend for myself with my withdrawn, unaffectionate mother and my older sister who hated me. One day I was leaving our 6th floor apartment to visit a friendly neighbor. I opened the front door but I stood on the threshold and couldnt go any further. I looked down the long dark hallway but I couldnt take a step off the threshold and out onto the hallway floor. Even though I walked down this dark hallway many, many times before, on that day I couldnt move. I was physically paralyzed. I tried to turn around to go back into my house but I just stood there unable to move. I couldnt move in any direction. My mind wanted to move but I couldnt get my body to move. Then a strange thing happened. I saw an ethereal mist surround me in the shape of a cocoon and it began to wrap itself around me, starting at my feet, going up and stopping at my neck. My whole body, including my arms, was wrapped in this mummy-like cocoon. It made me feel safe, protected and warm. It calmed me down. Then I got an idea how to break out of the paralysis. I suddenly put out my arms and began to twirl off the threshold. I twirled and twirled all the way down the long hallway. I remember my twirling became a habit because I was twirling in my home, in the hallways and in the streets. I thought I was dancing. I think that people thought I was dancing. I feel that Holy Spirit came to me on that day to protect me and to help me.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,I was a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2066,DEE,1273,19,,F,What was observed was the white light and the image of Jesus. There was no sound at all. I saw His image but my friend did not. She remembers everything but did not see Him just outside the door. It confirmed in me that it all exists. It wasnt just something we talked about every Sunday Leaving it in the Hands of God wasnt just something to say...we can definitely rely on Him.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Clerica,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2067,ADC,1134,33,,F,I did so on question 3.    ,,USA citiz,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio,housewi,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2068,ME ,1074,49,,F,"i could hear her in my mind and feel her in the breeze the earth the sun part of the trees wispering to me. Understanding not hearing that she was here with me in me part of all of me and the cosmos in all things and in one felled swoop I understood the meaning God is everywhere, omnipotent,  I got it ! I felt a comprehension a connection that all is one. This is really the third time this has happened . Always in conjunction with nature no drugs or alcohol etc. I felt euphoric my grief changed in a sense and I felt my Mothers Joy!! I new she was happy and with her beloved Jesus. She had unwavering faith. I was awed again and knew that like birth, death is a miracle, the same as coming is the passage of going a miracle!    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Commerc,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2069,DEE,1046,35,,M,"few weeks ago I had a powerful experience. I wouldnt call it a dream. I needed to write it down so I can remember the full intensity of the experience. Also to be able to reflect upon it, both now and in the future.        It has taken me sometime to get it all down; I have laboured to get every moment, every feeling, every thought that I had during it down on these pages- there was a lot to it. Its taken upwards of three weeks to get it all down completely. The experience started with a prayer to God I made the night previous. The prayer was; To show me a path out of my dilemma, and to show me how I got to be where I am now. I went to sleep that night and then I found myself in a familiar room from my past. I found myself in a spectacular room packed with Christmas presents, Christmas ornaments, and a Christmas tree. All unique in the fact that they were all composed of the same colours; black and silver. It was beautiful. It was breathtaking. It was simply astounding to be in the room.        I have a memory of being in that room, long, long ago, possibly even prior to my birth into this world. I remember being in the room and playing with many other children there, all of whom were equally astounded to be there. After playing for a while in this room the adults there began to give away Christmas presents to all of the children. I received my FIRST Christmas present there. I watched, as the other children opened their boxes and they received all kinds of toys, exquisite clothing and other gifts that were extraordinary to be sure, but I chose to wait till the end of the presentations to get my box towards the last. At my turn to receive a gift, what I found inside my box was a small floating glowing crystal.  The adults there asked me if I wanted it. I remember looking at it with intense curiosity. It shone brightly in silver, and then would fade to black- but even then when it was completely black, you could still discern that it was a beautiful crystal. Then after awhile it would lighten, it would become black for a while and then it would become somewhat silver, and then fade back some then again silver and then again black. Sometimes completely black and sometimes brightly silver. Some of the other children had received this type of crystal, as well, in their first Christmas presents. All of the crystals were similar, but each shone and faded at different intervals and for different periods of time. I examined some of the other lucky childrens crystals, some shone brightly silver most of the time, others would shine and then fade at regular intervals, others were erratic- shining and fading at seemingly random intervals. All were beautiful and all looked extremely fragile. All of the other kids who had not received a crystal were jealous of what the lucky children had received. It was like they had not passed some type of a test of character and they were not yet ready for this type of a gift. Again, the adults there in the room with me expressed some doubt, and asked me if I wanted my present? Again I looked and compared my crystal with what the other lucky children had, my crystal with this second look seemed somehow defective. My crystal had long periods where it would be completely dark, several periods where it would be between dark and light, and very short periods where it would shine brighter than any of the other crystals. Then it occurred to me that this wasnt a defective crystal at all, but in fact, a unique crystal that was completely different from any of the others that I had seen. I said yes- I wanted my present, and this present, this present of this oddly glowing and fading crystal was actually the gift of a life in this world. I got my life out of it. The other lucky children got their lives out of their crystals as well, each life different from the next.        This time, now, that I was in the room, everything was the same except there were no other children here. I was equally astounded to be in this meticulously decorated room and yet, I had a sense that I didnt want any of it. That it was just a memory from long ago, and that having matured to middle age- I didnt want any of it anymore. It was like the passing of a stage. How many of the other children had settled for the shiny wrappers and the electric thrills, ornamental clothing and toys, and I, like a few other lucky ones, had waited till the last and received the most precious gift of all- a life, and now I didnt want mine anymore!  And from here I felt I had passed a stage into another room up above the room I had been in. I was lifted up on a strange device that swung me back and forth, gradually upwards towards this other room further up above. This next room was an empty schoolroom, barren and empty except for a freshly shiny-waxed floor and a man in what appeared to be a secu",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Truck d,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2070,ME ,1287,57,,F,"On January 12, 2002 something pivotal happened that enabled me to open my mind to believe in God. My husband Hank and I were staying at a historic, antique-filled bed and breakfast, Butternut Farm, in Glastonbury, Connecticut. (I dont think the owners of this establishment would want it to be made public that their bed and breakfast is haunted.) It was Saturday night and we went to sleep on the comfortable and luxurious bed. In the middle of the night, I woke up, eyes wide open, and sat up tall in bed. Looking back on this experience, I must have looked like I was in one of those movies when someone is under a spell and rises from their sleep with their eyes wide open, back straight as a board. I didnt hear or smell anything and I wasnt touched by anything but I instantly turned my head to the left and saw something. About three feet away from me, suspended in mid air about eye level to me, was a ghost. The ghost was shaped like a huge, round, horizontal Bayer aspirin tablet. It was flat on the top and bottom with rounded edges. It was about two feet in diameter. The ghost was made up of thousands of tiny black particles, each shaped like a sperm, which furiously rotated clockwise as fast as a tornado. It spun around so violently that it spewed off some of the tiny black particles. But, although the ghost was just a couple of feet away and although it was spinning as fast as a tornado, I didnt feel a breeze and none of the particles touched me. It was as if the ghost was contained in its own little world, separate from my human world. This whole experience actually lasted just a few seconds, because as soon as I sat up and turned my head and my eyes saw the ghost, as if it saw me looking at it, it instantly broke down into an amoebic mob of black particles and made a mad dash for the closed old door and disappeared through the long crack of the warped frame. I sat up for a while thinking about this experience. Strangely, I did not feel fear because if I did, I would have awakened my husband. I did feel a sort of fear because I didnt want to put my head back down on the pillow, afraid to go back to sleep, afraid the ghost would return. But I was very tired and layed back down to ponder what I should do. The next thing I knew, it was morning. As soon as we woke up, I told Hank about the ghost. He just listened to me. He looked like he was believing me. I told him there probably was a small chance it was all a dream but I didnt think so. It didnt feel like a dream. It felt real and I remembered it in vivid detail. When we went downstairs for breakfast, I was so excited that I told everyone in the dining room what happened to me that night. The two owners mockingly pooh-poohed my story but there was a visiting pastor from Pennsylvania. She also stayed overnight because she was to give a sermon at a nearby church. She confirmed that she was also visited by the ghost. She said she didnt see what I saw but she woke up during the night and felt its presence sitting in a chair by her bed. She said that in her line of work, people often came to her with stories and issues concerning ghosts and spirits. With the pastor as witness, I was validated 100% that I did indeed see a ghost. Actually, I think this pastor was an Angel because in the days ahead I tried to reach her but I couldnt find her anywhere, even though she gave me her business card. It was as if she disappeared. Seeing the ghost was a shocking but crucial experience. It had served a greater purpose in my life than just to amaze me. It took about a year for me to digest and process the ghost before I could tell anyone else. Then I told a friend. After getting this experience out, I started to really think about the ghost. It suddenly dawned on me that I saw a ghost! The reality of seeing a ghost, I realized, became proof that there really was a spiritual world. Standing now on the threshold of this whole new world, my mind looked out and wondered: Wow! Now that I know there really is a spiritual world and that ghosts are real, what else can I believe in? The answer came in my very next breath: God. But, still, I didnt find God for another year. And on that day, everything became crystal clear.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2071,ME ,1323,20,,F,My initial comments before this form say it all: Being bathed in a type of light / lightness that enveloped me with joy and peace. I have that same feeling come over me each time I engage in speaking in tongues.    ,,U.S.    Q,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2072,ADC,1271,58,,F,"During the homily, the priest tells a story about an elderly couple who lived in Arlington Heights, Il. and were going to the race track. (My sister often took my mom with her to this very race track.) He goes on to say that the old man went into the bedroom, reached under the bed and took out a tin can, reached in and pulled out a $2 bill!! I felt elated! I was so excited I couldnt hardly contain myself. I immediately turned to my husband and quickly tried to tell him what had just happened. Following the Mass, I told everyone who would listen. I definitely approached the priest at the reception and told him that he was totally used that day and how he delivered the message to me.    ",,U.S. citi,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Paraleg,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2073,DEE,1375,12,,F,    ,,USA    Q.,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,I was a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2074,ME ,1128,53,,M,I observed that he could be up to ten feet away and the effect was still present. I felt nothing other than his concern about being unable to control his shaking. I heard nothing. What I learned was that over time he was able to have his medication reduced due to his apparent improvement.    ,,Australia,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Other,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Electro,,divor,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
2075,ME ,1032,20,,F,"Within 48 hours from the time my letter was hand delivered to Harry by my father, I was flying! I had abundant energy which was a very new feeling for me. I had a tingling sensation in my right side by the liver and I was emotionally uplifted. I knew that something I could not see was helping me more than any medical treatment or doctor had ever done for me.    ",,I am a US,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",docto,I had j,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2076,ADC,1012,72,,F,see above    ,,citizen o,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High sc,Legal S,,married,widowed,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2077,ME ,1397,25,,M,The pdf I will attach does this.    ,,Native bo,1 mill,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,I was a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2078,ME ,1165,13,,F,"I, once again, knew I was part of something much larger than myself and the people and circumstances below. It filled me in some way that allowed me to feel comforted rather than continuing to feel so alone. And then it was over.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Outside,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2079,DEE,1442,66,,M,"This vision was not a day dream or a thought, it was a vision that took me to her room as i lay awake watching a baseball game. It came and it went on its own. As much as i tried i could not and can not repeat this vision. I have memory of it, but cannot re-create it. At the time of the vision we did not know she was close to death. Actually the doctors were telling us her cancer was in remission and felt hopeful that she would survive. The vision was in black and white and the two angelic figures in this vision were ghostly in appearance, or i should say, i could see through them. They had no wings and their clothing looked like long floor length gowns. Their hair was shoulder length. The gowns had a strap or belt at the waist. I could not tell if they were male of female and could not clearly see faces.    ",,U.S. Citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",Junio,Self Em,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
2080,ME ,1267,7,,F,"I was walking alone in the woods, following an animal trail. I suddenly became hyper-aware of everything around me. I was flooded by an all-pervading presence of light, which left me astutely aware of how everything was connected....One. I saw myself, each step, as impacting everything around me that sent a wave through everything because I was completely connected with everything. With that, I became aware of how carefully I should tread on the trail I was following and that it was my responsibility to take careful steps because life was everywhere. I also suddenly understood how precious and alive everything was and that even inanimate things had a form of consciousness. I continued walking and sat down with my back against a tree. I could feel the pulse of the universe running through everything around me, like a beating heart, but everything was pulsing together at the same time, in unison. Everything was also made of light. I could see with my open eyes, the light that permeated everything around me. I saw the sacredness of the grass, the animals, the trees, the dirt beneath me, the rocks. I felt a profound sense of love. It was a euphoric experience that I remember as clearly as the day it happened almost 50 years ago.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2081,DEE,1515,4,,F,"I think I learned that the life i was living there, at that time, was not permanent. I developed ways to cope with my Moms constant anger etc. I somehow knew that i would find love and that my life would get better. It was very very difficult to survive and develop my own internal support system.    ",,citizen U,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I was a,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2082,SDE,1004,38,,F,"everything described above. In after thought, even now several years later. I wonder about this. Was I summoned to help him proceed to the next phase?  If so, why was I chosen? I feel honored if that was the case.    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,Web Pro,,single,single,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2083,ADC,1364,25,,F,"I sat on the edge of the bed as Shawn tried to comfort me, my crying seemed to intensify with the downpour of the rain. I looked up at the ceiling in our bedroom asking God for a sign. I asked him as a Catholic, saying out loud: I have faith and I know they say he is in a better place, but I need MORE! I need PROOF that he is OKAY! And just as I shouted this at God a sudden loud bang and flash of white light filled the bedroom. Shawn and I physically jumped out of bed because the crash was so loud we thought the window was going to crash in on us. We looked at each other, puzzled. Was that for us? Because the timing was just as if God was answering my prayer. Just as that happened we began to calm down and the rain also subsided. I told Shawn that it felt like an answer from God and it was so strange. The next morning Shawn went out to our car that was parked on the street. He heard muffled music playing that grew louder as he got nearer. When he opened the car door the radio was blasting music very loud on my brothers favourite radio station. When Shawn tried to shut the radio off, it would not turn off, he had to pull the system out of its dock to make it turn off. The radio remained like that for years. The wires were fried because that night our building and our car was hit by lightening, the very lightening that crashed outside our window at the very moment I asked God for a sign / for proof that John was okay. That isnt the end of it. From then on it was like the floodgates had opened. I got all kinds of signs from John, all kinds of instances of after-death communication, including a full apparition, physical phenomenon, electronic phenomenon and I would like to share that all here. I could write my own book about all the signs John gave me and my family after his death. He loved us so much his love transcended death and the tragedy of his loss made it that much more important that he get through to us and let us know he was okay. And God made it possible for him to do that.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Teacher,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2084,ADC,1291,41,,F,"I sat up in bed and saw my father who was before me with his arms crossed on his chest. He didnt look old (he died at63) he didnt look young, is looked ageless..His skin had a very different glow that I cannot explain. It wasnt pink,it was a skin color Ive had never seen before. He seemed very peaceful and said to me  Dont worry about me, Ive never been happier and was gone. I felt this incredibly strong feeling that he was so calm, peaceful and fulfilled. Not his nature. I felt that he needed to comfort me and all these years later, I still see his face, and feel the comfort and peace. I think of that experience often when I pray because I know he came to me to assure me that he was with the Lord.Ive learned not to be afraid of death. My mother was a daily communicant but I never saw or dreamt of her. I was sure she would be with the Lord but not sure at all about my father.    ",,American,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Nationa,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2085,DEE,1300,23,,M,"My fathers office was divided into two spaces--a 2nd floor front office where he worked (with large windows overlooking the street below and surrounded by several multi-story apartment buildings), and the back office--a large bright kitchen/lounge area (illuminated by skylights)--connected to the front via a private 20 foot corridor. As soon as I arrived and handed my father the story, I felt that same strange feeling in my heart like I had felt a year earlier--the feeling that compelled me to pray. Not wishing a repeat of what happened a year earlier (see my other DEE entry)--I excused myself, telling my father I would wait in the back lounge while he read. My father wasnt spiritual or religious, and I was embarrassed that I suddenly felt a strange urge to pray. I entered the back lounge, and shut the door. I then got down on my knees and bowed y head to the floor for the first time in my life. And I suddenly started to weep. Like, uncontrollably sob. And words came out of my mouth that werent words from conscious intention. I was baffled to hear myself speaking the words. Why are we so bad? Why are we so bad? You have to understand,I didnt have a bad bone in my body. I was kind, and sensitive, and yet, these words were flowing from my mouth. And I felt such deep deep shame. Moments later, however, I felt a hand press down on the small of my back. I tried to left my head up to see who was there, but like my hands suck together in the previous DEE, this time my whole body was stuck to the floor. Quite literally, I was pinned there and couldnt move. Before I had a chance to be afraid, however, I suddenly felt two firm hands grasp my head, lift it off the floor, and turn it to the right. And there, beside me, was a fully manifested Celestial Being, kneeling on the floor beside me and looking compassionately into my eyes. As I previously wrote, my family wasnt religious, and I had no knowledge of religion at all. However, I immediately knew this Celestial Being was Jesus like I had known him my whole life. He was bearded, and wearing simple robes. (I no longer remember the color of the robes or the color of his eyes--I was too astonished that he was there in the room with me.) His eyes were mesmerizing--I was literally transfixed by his gaze. Where I had been sobbing moments earlier, and feeling deep shame, I suddenly felt the most incredible all-encompassing feeling of unconditional love. I wasnt scared. I was in bliss. And there wasnt anything I needed to ask. I felt as if I knew everything, as if I was everything, as if I was the Love itself. And a message was transmitted to me with this Love. You are loved. You are forgiven. You are respected. You are accepted. You are special and you are important. You are cared for, and everything is perfect. All of this transpired in a matter of seconds, and then Jesus bowed his head to the floor and prayed. And the hands that had moved my head to see Jesus, turned my head back to the floor, and continued to hold me there. The next thing I remember, my father opened the door and asked me if I was okay. No, I said. Im pinned to the floor. Please call Mom. While my father went back to the front office (there was no phone in the lounge), my experience suddenly changed dramatically. I was suddenly hearing sounds that were loud and clear and very real, but very distressing. The sounds were of emergency sirens, gunfire, and women shrieking in terror. At the same time, in my minds eye, I could see the major urban intersection near my fathers office with windows all blown out, burned out shells of cars in the street, and snipers scurrying in the shadows. I thought I was being shown a vision of the end of the world, but when I asked if that is what this was, there were no answers. Moments later, my father returned, and I found that I was able to get up off the floor. My mother was on the phone and wanted to speak with me, so I headed to the front office. However, as soon as I walked into the office and saw the large picture windows, I was immediately stricken with the most intense paranoia. I collapsed to the floor, certain that I was going to get shot by a sniper (probably connected to the frightening vision I had moments earlier). Long story not as long, this paranoia lasted another half hour or so during which time my father managed to get me into his car and drive me to his house (my old family house where the previously reported DEE took place). Once I got home, and was under the care of my mother, the paranoia dissipated. However, it transformed into a mania that lasted for another 40 hours or so, during which time I believed I knew everything about everything, wrote many things about God and life, and couldnt sleep. Finally, after about 40 hours, I crashed and slept for 16 hours. When I woke up, I was back to my normal self agai",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",some,Freelan,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2086,NDE,1041,41,,F,"see above. as far as what I learned I still had a purpose on earth, and it was to be a guardian for others. My brothers and sisters were EVERYBODY regardless of religion or sex or anything we were all one, but people didnt get it, nor would they. I had to be an example. And this would breed more love. Not because of ME, but because of the Loving Creator who lived through me and everyone. I knew who I was, and I knew my mother would be passing soon. I knew I would be taken care of, as the man kept giving me money...I knew I was to follow native american principles of love the sacred earth and that all are my brothers and sisters, as Yeshu / Jesus said.    ",,Citizen U,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2087,SDE,1004,38,,F,"everything described above. In after thought, even now several years later. I wonder about this. Was I summoned to help him proceed to the next phase?  If so, why was I chosen? I feel honored if that was the case.    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,Web Pro,,single,single,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2088,OBE,1249,18,,F,"I went in a long ways, trying to escape, and finally came out into a two dimensional dark place (blue-black) where small spherical (marble sized) beings of light moved about. I too was able to move and went in search of God. One of the lights came up to me and stopped me. It said, You are not expected yet. I seemed to hear those exact words and had a number of emotional impressions from it: disapproval, contempt, irritation. I gathered that my whole conception of God was all wrong, as was my unorthodox entry, and that I must return to where I had come from. I went back in and seemed to come into a switchboard kind of part of my brain where I tried to plug in during the course of a grand mal episode.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2089,NDE,1078,25,,M,"After the mask was placed on my face, the doctor told me to count backwards from 10. I began to count. When I got to 1, I realized I couldnt breathe. I also could not speak or move...or open my eyes.  I began to panic inside. I thought..Im going to die!  Immediately I started to try and think of something that would help me stay alive. Trapped inside my body and unable to move or speak, there werent many options. I thought that if I could just hold onto a thought with my mind, I would not die. So, I thought of a tree. I pictured a tree in my mind, imagined how it felt to be next to a tree, and kept repeating the word tree over and over.  I began to feel like I was moving through a dark tunnel. I felt afraid...and clung to my inner tree life rope as I moved along the dark passageway.  I moved through a darkness...murkiness... that included spirit like beings roaming around making some sounds... I did not recognize any of them...they were misty, grey entities floating around. I felt fear. I realized I could no longer see the word for tree in my mind...but I could still see the tree, and feel its presence.  I continued to move through the darkness and the spirits were gone. The tunnel was lighter. I had an instant awareness of my whole life...like a 360 degree view of everything about my life. It was extremely expansive knowing and deep knowledge. I no longer felt afraid. And I could no longer see the tree in my mind, but I could feel its presence. I was aware that there was a place I had traveled from...and I had family there... but I was not worried because I also knew that in the scheme of all I suddenly knew...all I was remembering had been just a flicker of time...my whole life had happened in less than a snap of my finger.  The light in the tunnel grew brighter and closer. I was travelling fast. Suddenly I burst though into a sea of Light...only Light.... I no longer felt the presence of the tree, because I realized I am the tree! I am everything! This was not a thought...but a knowing. An all expansive knowing.  The feeling was completely ecstatic...like an orgasm without a body. No body to limit the deep and ongoing BLISS. There were no words... just knowing. The knowing was The only thing that matters is Love... all Love It was timeless and so pure. The direct experience of Divine Love Then I became aware of something forming... like a vibration. I realized it was a thought coming into form... and the thought was: What about my son? (I had a 5 month old son at home) As soon as the vibration became a thought, I immediately began travelling back through the tunnel... fast!  I woke up in the recovery room.  I didnt tell anyone for 5 years....not even my husband.  The experience has profoundly changed my life... The experience memory has never faded...it is still more real than real.                  ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,mother,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2090,DEE,1393,16,,F,"It was pure feeling, I didnt hear or see anything this feeling wrapped right around me like I was beng held, it vibrated through my whole body from feet to head and I felt it with every single cell of my body, then the words filled my core, like I was a stick of rock, they seemed to come vertically through me I could see them and feel them you are special it felt like if you cut me open you would see those words etched onto my insides, the words were huge and I could feel them, I could feel their meaning so powerfully, words fall short of describing it.    ",,Britush,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Child a,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2091,ADC,1271,58,,F,"During the homily, the priest tells a story about an elderly couple who lived in Arlington Heights, Il. and were going to the race track. (My sister often took my mom with her to this very race track.) He goes on to say that the old man went into the bedroom, reached under the bed and took out a tin can, reached in and pulled out a $2 bill!! I felt elated! I was so excited I couldnt hardly contain myself. I immediately turned to my husband and quickly tried to tell him what had just happened. Following the Mass, I told everyone who would listen. I definitely approached the priest at the reception and told him that he was totally used that day and how he delivered the message to me.    ",,U.S. citi,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Paraleg,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2092,NDA,1339,36,,F,    ,,Australia,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,littl,"0 24,999",High,Home ma,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2093,SDE,1210,58,,F,    ,,British c,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Prefer no,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2094,ME ,1355,64,,F,"there was an orange and red and very bright light surrounding me and sort of inside me. I felt extremely powerful intense love and acceptance, so intense it hurt. I started to cry and couldnt stop.    ",,us    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,retired,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2095,ME ,1284,36,,F,"Synchronicity \xe2\x80\x93 This is my calling\xe2\x80\xa6Why the mental health system is antiquated, and why we need to stop pretending we\xe2\x80\x99re robots in a naturally spiritual world. After years of searching for my life purpose it was handed to me on a plate, quite literally from the Universe straight into my head, like a light bulb suddenly being switched on in a deep dark cave of confusion. Please don\xe2\x80\x99t lose me here, you may be thinking: \xe2\x80\x98so who are you and what do you know about re-evaluating the conceptual framework around mental illness or achieving universal peace?\xe2\x80\x99 That is exactly what I thought when the information came to me; I am no Professor or academic guru. That is the point, this has nothing to do with who I am, I have been given this message to prove that anybody of any intellect or social standing can tap into the psychic realm and see a universal truth; all you have to do is ask the question and then believe in the answer.  I have been told by spirit that the mental health system in our Western society desperately needs modifying in terms of spiritual experience. Mental distress is actually a fallacy of modern society which is ever increasing in line with consumerism and will continue to do so unless we acknowledge the problems we are creating. We must see mental distress of any kind with new eyes if human evolution is going to continue in the way it is meant. Mental distress originates in fear, a fear lodged in our past that we carry with us into the present, and project into the future, a destructive fear from which we can be free, individually, and so, universally. Now here\xe2\x80\x99s the irony:My fear of speaking out about this message and how it came to me \xe2\x80\x93 the message that it is fear that stops mankind achieving mental wellbeing, happiness and fundamentally Universal peace \xe2\x80\x93 nearly stopped me from following my path, after years of searching! I don\xe2\x80\x99t deny that I\xe2\x80\x99m not still scared, but what kind of hypocrite would I be if I were to tell everyone they didn\xe2\x80\x99t need to be scared, if I were too afraid to put my head above the parapet and risk being shot at? Before I had my \xe2\x80\x98experience\xe2\x80\x99 I knew nothing about spirituality, and even less about religion. So what happened was as incredulous to me as what you are going to read may sound to you! I have, however, always had good intuition and a kind of underlying \xe2\x80\x98knowing\xe2\x80\x99 since childhood that I\xe2\x80\x99ve been searching for something that was missing, like I always knew there was another dimension even though society and my education told me otherwise. I was about 12 when I read the book \xe2\x80\x98Utopia\xe2\x80\x99 and to me it was more than just fiction, it was a possibility. Now I don\xe2\x80\x99t just think it\xe2\x80\x99s achievable; I know how. It all happened when I had started to meditate at the same time as thinking more deeply about what to be \xe2\x80\x98mentally ill\xe2\x80\x99 actually means. I\xe2\x80\x99d worked within the field for long enough to know about academic theory; the nature / nurture argument and chemical imbalances. What was the truth? I started to question my own sanity, I have always been very sensitive and emotional; where do you draw the line? I am well aware that by writing this, that by voicing my beliefs that I have channelled a message from the spiritual realm, I could be seen by some working within the mental health field as being deluded or having experienced a psychotic episode. You may choose to believe that this is the rambling of an unstable mind, you may suggest that what I am saying is insane. I, however, now know that the real insanity would be for me to ignore such an important message. If I were to ignore it and deny myself my truth for fear of speaking out against a system, I know that I would become mentally distressed \xe2\x80\x93 and that is also proof enough for me to know that the message I have been given is the truth. Many people who try to speak out about their psychic experiences are told that what they are experiencing is not real; that they are \xe2\x80\x98mad\xe2\x80\x99. So either way, if somebody has a spiritual experience they are more than likely doomed to some form of mental distress, predominantly not from the experience itself, but from either repressing it due to fear, or from believing they are going \xe2\x80\x98mad\xe2\x80\x99 if they do dare to speak out because they are told that what is happening to them isn\xe2\x80\x99t real. The message I was given confirmed all of this. So I had been contemplating the true nature of mental illness, and whether indeed I was mentally unwell, and my brain went into overload so I decided I needed to try to relax. I went into a meditation and what I experi",,British,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,I have,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2096,ME ,1027,29,,F,The voice was so deep and firm. There was no questioning or denying what I experienced. I was to hear that voice 2 more times in later years.    ,,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2097,ME ,1034,35,,F,"Im not sure what happened. It wasnt a voice or a feeling. I just knew I had to stop living the way I was and I was not even sure why but it was so overwhelming that I could not avoid that one truth on that day. It came up inside of me and told me to stop. I knew that it was not my idea and I also knew I had to obey but that I would be ok. I was not scared and I did not know what to do. I found my way to a local DSS office, never having been to one before and lay on the floor in full withdrawal and asked for help. I was given a bus schedule to a rehab and found my way to it. I have been sober ever since by following spiritual priciples of my 12 step group.    ",,American,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",Some,Chef,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2098,ME ,1068,21,,M,"This STE described below may seem mundane in comparison to several others Ive had in previous and later years. In my previous STEs I wasnt able to process the experiences correctly or truly appreciate their significance. However, I consider the experience Im about the share to be the most important. It has ultimately lead me to receive answers to many questions that I had accumulated in my life, up to that point. It has also lead me to a comforting state of existence. The most simplistic way I can describe the experiences is: the light was switched on, like flipping a switch for a light bulb. I had been so confused and full of important questions. Questions that my brain couldnt fathom at the time. These important questions now seemed to have attainable answers after the light was switched on. I was sitting, watching the movie in the theater. Literally, out of nowhere, my thought process evolved. it not only distressed me, but delighted me. I left the movie theater immediately, with my girlfriend. She was hysterical and upset that I couldnt give words to my emotions. I was to overwhelmed with emotion to accurately portray correct explanations. I was literally in tears the whole ride back to my parent house, about 15 miles away. I was finally able to mutter the words, I cant really describe this, I just feel a better connection with GOD!!. Immediately after I uttered those words, IMMEDIATELY, a beautiful white owl swooped in front of my car at 65MPH. Its a miracle in itself, that the owl wasnt smashed. This was instant reassurance that my feelings were profound. We stared at each other, mouths aghast. She, being a very stubborn religious person, instantly grasped my feelings. She said, wow, I understand now. When we arrived at my parents house, we discussed in depth, the implications. Neither of us really had the thought process, or capability, to understand the importance. After evolving spiritually, mentally, and emotionally, we both concur that this experience was a turning point in our cognitive evolution. The majestic quality and timing of the sighting was overwhelming. Three years earlier, my grandfather Robert Heinemann, had died. his dying, or re-birthing process, greatly affected my father and I. My grandfather was on kidney dialysis at the time. The burden on my grandmother, and his body, eventually became too much. The family decided to take him off dialysis and let him pass. I had visited him a few days before he died. He was in and out of earthly consciousness, conversing with dead friends, family members, and old acquaintances. I received the news he had died right before a high school, playoff, soccer match. I felt my grandfather during the game. I didnt feel him beside me, I felt him within me. The entire game I heard the words he had uttered to me before every game that he watched. He would say work as hard as you can and everything will pay off. This was always in the back of my head while playing games. But, this time it was different. The advice was not only in the front of my head, but had become tattooed into my soul. I played the game like a man possessed. I scored a pivotal, game tying goal. I also scored the game winning penalty kick. Walking up to the ball, before the game winning kick, was different. Spectators said the Washington rain halted. I thought of nothing. my mind was clear, pure, and focused. I wasnt thinking about my grandfathers re-birthing or losing the game. I didnt even feel my body until the ball hit the net. I then felt an overwhelming amount of joy. I knew that Grandpa Bob was within me on a spiritual level. It was amazing. In the days after this experience, I wanted to discover more. I believed in spirit, and the beyond, up until this point, but had never experienced it like this. This was personal and moving, to the point where I could barely comprehend the emotion. I thought more about the conversations he had with passed souls in the hospital. I thought more about his love and spirit within me. I thought about things that held little meaning to me, prior to his death. For three years I had put the experience in my vault. I somehow knew that I wasnt ready to fully face the answers for the questions I had. One thing did comfort me before the STEs mentioned above. I always had random run-ins with beautiful birds. The run-ins always occurred when my brain was calm and relaxed, in a meditative and comforting state. my first encounter was during our first annual family golf tournament. We decided to honor Grandpa Bob by hosting a golf event. Before my round started, we were warming up on the range. It was a beautiful Washington summer morning, very tranquil. I had another clear moment, at peace with everything. I gave thanks to Bob for allowing us to experience this day and come together. I was saying this in the back of m",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2099,DEE,1453,49,,F,It was a long time ago. I dont remember any sound or light just the most incredible source of love I will never forget.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Airline,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2100,OBE,1011,62,,M,"my outlook on everyday life has changed,i feel deeply loved and ever in the pesense of god.i do not fear death at all and seem to be in constant prayer for guidance with a will to know God more and a common thread the exists between us all.    ",,born in u,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,master,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2101,ADC,1069,43,,F,"In my dream, I was sitting on my front porch on a concrete bench, enjoying a beautiful sunny day. As i looked into the blue sky, I saw little pinpoints of light appearing one of which became larger and larger and hovered over me. I understood it to say that my brother was coming to see me and I turned to see him sitting beside me on the bench. He teased me about my jewelry (something he did quite a lot)and told me he loved me. I got to tell him goodbye and tell him I loved him as well. Then, He was gone.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Physica,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2102,NDE,1416,75,,M,After going to hospital and waiting in the emergency room for several hours they finally let me back into the emergency room. The nurse typing on her computer said well Mr. Snyder it is not a stroke or a heart attack. We think she will be fine. I turned to give my wife a cheer and she was staring into space. She never said a word or changed expression with eyes wide open. No reflects of and kind when I grabbed her hand and held it. They called neurologist after about and hour and he said he thought she had a brain stem stroke. We sat and watched her systems shut down and after arriving at 10:30 at night she passed at 8:30 the next morning. No words were ever spoken than I am going home and do not take me to hospital. Do you think she had a vision that she was going home. Or in my view she was going to heaven. After reading Dr. Alexanders book Proof of Heaven    ,,Citizen U,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",docto,College,,marri,widow,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
2103,NDE,1331,12,,M,"I was bleeding internally after my tonsiectomy and threw up 2 quarts of blood. In the emergency room I barely could stay awake and just wanted to so badly sleep. As the rushed me into the OR I passed out. Next morning I awoke and never felt better. Then I got the details from my mom that it took 3 Dr.s and 3 interns to hold me down because I was thrashing about while they attempted to give me the transfusion. I then remembered seeing myself in the bed as this all happened but I saw it from above and saw my mom crying as the Priest read me last rites. Then I started to rise away from the scene and the white light appeared like a brightly lit hallway. As I moved through it the bright light gave way to an open non descript colorless area and there was my Grandpa. I ran up to him and hugged him around his waist and he patted me on the head as he said so good to see you Jay. I just started rattling off all the things we would do, go fishing etc. and he looked down and me and smiled as he listened to my enthusiastic descriptions. He held my hand and squatted down and said son...not now, not yet, you have to go back to your mother and be there for her and you have so much more to do yet before we can be together. And then I started to fade away from him as he waved. that was it.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Child,,single,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,youth
2104,ADC,1456,34,,F,"Amanda was radient, she had beautiful dark hair against the all white clothes, her smile was big and honest and happy to see me. I didnt hear anyting really, as soon as I saw her I said HIIIIiiiiiiii, how are you doing?!?!?!?!? Then we have a very long two way conversation.    ",,US    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Owned a,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2105,ADC,1139,36,,F,i learned that staying on this earth could be a very happy experience if you choose it to be. i was feeling low that my dad had passed. his way of coming through with something we shared together was a way of telling me that i should stay and enjoy life.    ,,usa    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,VP Adve,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2106,OBE,1160,32,,F,"Suddenly everything disappeared. It was as though a rent was made in the universe and I saw the other side. But I dont know how to explain what I saw an open clarity, maybe, with no detail present. If there had been a color, it would have been gold, but I dont remember a color. What I experienced was an overwhelming ecstacy. I experienced a feeling, a consciousness that wasnt mine. In fact, I wasnt there. I had no sense of me, just this incredible, ultra real joy. The inability of sensing me scared me so badly I stopped all movement, and instantly I was back on the mat. The event lasted nanoseconds. Maybe just one. But it was so very much more real than anything I had ever experienced. But I experienced the same thing again a few months later. Exactly like the first one Im describing here. Exactly. (Both times as a brown belt in Aikido.) I have no problems appreciating what Dr. Alexander went through. Especially the reality of his experience. I know well that this life we live is a shadow to that.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Radiolo,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2107,ME ,1109,40,,F,I learned that there is no Cheryl. This physical life is an illusion.     ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Real Es,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2108,ME ,1417,26,,F,"See above for details. I knew I would win the car. I had absolutely no doubt. I had no idea why this had happened to me, but I was happy because I sold the car &amp; had some necessary dental work done which used all the proceeds from the car sale.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,moder,avera,"25,000 49",colle,secreta,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2109,NDA,1307,40,,F,"I was asleep and was suddenly awaken by my fathers hand shaking my arm. He was telling me that he had to go. I begged him not to. He seemed angry and told me he had to. I woke with tears in my eyes. I thought it was a dream, but it seemed so real. I almost called his house, but it was 3:00 am. The next morning, I called to see if everything was alright, and my mother assured me that all was well. The following month, he died suddenly.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Real Es,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
2110,NDE,1031,19,,M,I didnt want to leave.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2111,DEE,1350,14,,M,"As I looked I saw 3 beings in hooded robes similar to those worn by Jedi knights or monks. I saw no faces on these beings, and they stood there looking at me and I at them. They walked by me and through the wall leaving down the street. Nothing was said, but at 14 years old I knew I did not want the incredible sense of peace to leave me. I chased after these beings down the street in my underwear. They moved simultaneously as one. They just seemed to have disappeared.    ",,US Citize,"100,00",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,dail,dail,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,None,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2112,DEE,1253,33,,F,"As I was praying, I felt a hand on my shoulder and heard a man say, Everythings going to be OK and simultaneously, my body was flooded with an incredibly warm sense of peace. It was like a big beam of sunshine blasted all the way to my inner core and the sunshine delivered peace. Its hard to explain but at the moment that the hand touched me and I was told that everything would be fine, I knew that everything really was going to be fine and my mind was INSTANTLY put at peace (and my body felt warm and safe). I opened my eyes to say thank you to the priest. Thats when I saw that THERE WAS NO ONE THERE. The priest was moving down the far end of the altar. There was a sunbeam coming through the stained glass window, but it wasnt some super nova strong enough to give me the warmth that I had felt. Also, I felt the hand on my should up until the second I opened my eyes. And the voice was a VOICE. I HEARD IT WITH MY EARS. It was not inside my head.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",maste,homemak,,separ,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2113,ME ,1488,49,,M,"God told me his son died for my sin--honor him. My sins were forgiven. He told me he created me and would one day reclaim me--trust him. I agonized, but submitted. Immediately I heard angels singing; the air smelled sweet. I looked out the window and I could see the molecular structure of everything that was alive. I was weightless. The most astonishing sensation was a feeling of love I had never had before. I couldnt define it or attach words to it and I really didnt want to because I didnt want to tarnish something so pure by putting it in a box.    ",,us citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2114,ME ,1489,56,,M," By about nine p.m. I noticed that I was hearing songs in a way I never had before. I seemed to be entering more deeply than usual into the mind of the writer and understanding what was being emotionally conveyed. So I kept listening. I felt the sorrows and joys of others as they spoke to me in song. I felt the tragic beauty in the passions, lost hopes and brevity of life as experienced by other people. There was a collision of sadness and beauty, a kind of majestic sorrow. I wondered if it was due to being fifty six years of age and being able to relate to many situations in life. Shivers repeatedly rose in waves up my spine from its base. I could not recall ever enjoying music to such an extent. I identified so closely with the singers, I became them. I could get up and go to the bathroom or get a drink of chilled water from the kitchen without losing the spinal effect. I then returned to the headphones and Yahoo Radio on the computer. The shivers of pleasure continued to rise in waves up my spine and began to intensify and surge down my legs and up my arms. The base of my head, at the rear, where the spine joins the skull was hit by waves of exquisite sensation with each new song. It felt like a hand was gripping the upper back of my neck where it meets the skull, and channelling in high voltage pleasure direct to my brain. After each wave of energy up my spine, this sensation did not totally subside, but seemed to remain as a scintillation of increased magnitude higher than the level before it. I became concerned as the euphoric physical effects intensified and extended in duration. I checked my pulse by the clock to see if I had an elevated heart rate associated with panic attacks. My pulse was normal and steady and my body felt very, very relaxed. I had the sensation of settling or falling back, deeper within my body, as the experience continued. My mind was paradoxically calm, intensely present, sharply aware and my cognition totally functioning and nimble. The waves of sensation up my spine became a volcanic rush that entered my head. I was thinking \xe2\x80\x9cOh, Oh, Oh! Awesome! Go with it!\xe2\x80\x9d Rivers of energy flowed outwards along my limbs. By now it was after midnight. My body felt almost weightless. I felt immense power flowing through my body. At one point I looked at my hands and they felt so full of the sensation of energy and so insubstantial that I wondered if they might pass through the wall if I tried. I touched the wall out of curiosity and my hand was certainly still solid as it touched the wall! It was just that I could not feel my hand. It went on and on, hour after hour as powerful waves of surging energy, ever intensifying. I was totally immersed in intense ecstasy. Suddenly, there was another huge rush of energy upwards. There was complete darkness. I found my locus of consciousness now resting in the centre of my head as a tiny pin point. The room I was sitting in had totally disappeared from sight. It was dark and comforting in the centre of my brain. Then, there was a final atomic eruption I could feel rising beneath this tiny \xe2\x80\x9cme\xe2\x80\x9d, my centre of total awareness, and it burst forth from the top of my head carrying that tiny point in a massive torrent of energy that felt like a clear, cool viscous liquid, and my awareness emerged into a infinite yet intimate space which was like an endless ocean where I felt connected to all things in the cosmos. I thought, \xe2\x80\x9cHuh! I must have died! Oh well, it\xe2\x80\x99s not so bad.\xe2\x80\x9d I had no fear. I was merely a point of consciousness with no body at all. I was overcome with immense gratitude for the privilege of having been alive, and for my life with its joys as well as its sorrows and the total improbability of just being. I thanked God.  Following on was an instantaneous, total life review. It was like viewing a three hundred and sixty degree panoramic picture screen with all of my life events played out simultaneously. Many of the things I had thought very significant in my life were not at all important. My preconceptions of right and wrong melted away. I did not feel judged in any way, I felt completely accepted. Everything was meaningful in my life and nothing I had experienced was wasted. The only things that now mattered in my past life were the times I had shown loving compassion to other people and living things. Then I felt enormous, limitless, feelings of joy, love, compassion and empathy for humankind and all living things. I felt intimate kinship with all humanity. I somehow was The Divine Mother with a heart for all my suffering beings and wanted to encompass them in arms of love and mercy and tell them everything was all right and always had been. Everything was perfect and always had been and always would be. At this stage I did ",,Australia,2001 2,religious,agnostic,Jewish,Hindu,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Enploym,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2115,ME ,1550,62,,F,    ,,Canadian,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,yoga te,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
2116,ADC,1225,21,,M,My mother had passed away from long bout with cancer. The relatives gathered for the funeral and some stayed at our house. I gave up my bed and slept alone in the living room on a couch.  Sometime early in the morning I was awakened by someone hugging me tightly and the overwhelming thought YOU ARE LOVED was transferred to me. It woke me from a deep sleep and scared me as no one was present. I felt as though it was my mother although I did not see an image nor did she identify herself.   I thought that this was significant as these are the exact words from Dr. Alexanders book.     ,,Citizen b,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2117,NDE,1337,49,,F,"I was made fun of by my abusers the second time, they were flashing a white light towards me telling me to die and go to heaven. It was hard to distinguish this from being real or unreal. Fortunately where I was dying I was able to pull my body away from this. For the most part the time, 2nd episode, I was there but completely out of touch with my body. At times I could hear talking and knew what was going on. I was so out of touch with any element around me. In 1990, I could feel the sharpness of the knife and a very long tube that was forced down my throat and the horrible pain of the scratching. I couldnt seem to come out of the anesthesia and would have died if the doctor didnt yell to me. My head came up off the table and back down again at that time.    ",,United St,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Executi,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2118,DEE,1484,12,,M,Explained in question 8    ,,American,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Weilder,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2119,DEE,1025,43,,F,    ,,U.S. citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Registe,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2120,ME ,1458,34,,F,"While hiking, I suddenly had the sensation to perceive the colors more vividly. I then saw a bright light (an even some kind of pinky light and green lines\xe2\x80\xa6) and felt like melting into the nature. I was like literally inundated, showered by love. I am some kind of an orphan and feels lonely sometimes. It was like receiving the purest love, comfort ever. I didnt hear words per se but I felt like receiving s very strong and powerful message that I was able to translate immediately: you are loved, then you should never worry and then you never need to justify yourself to anyone. It was extremely strong, determined and healing for me. While having the sensation to melt into nature, I felt that the hikers I was encountering were like an extension of my own body. I felt love and compassion for them and I felt they felt my love for them. I wanted to embrace everything and everyone. I kept looking at my hands as if I had a sudden comprehension: there are no limits in matter, we are all One. After the hike, I called my best friend in NY telling her that life was marvelous, that we should love everyone etc\xe2\x80\xa6 that I suddenly understood songs like Imagine, One or the Man in the Mirror. I felt so grateful for life, quit smoking immediately and didnt fear death anymore.    ",,France,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,writer/,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2121,ADC,1021,31,,F,He took me to a room full of people that had NO faces. I could not hear them talk. my dad reassured me that he was alrigt. He wanted me to stay but the people began to speak and cackle not mean but they protested.    ,,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,Real Es,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2122,ME ,1451,24,,M,"Detail may take a bit more space than there is here, but I will attempt. Briefly, very tired, I fell into a deep sleep. In what seemed like the beginning of a dream sequence, I found myself on the second floor of a mansion in town that I was quite personally familiar with. From a spot in the hall, I noticed flashing lights coming from the hallway of the west wing. Irritated and needing to investigate I went in their direction. Where the halls joined at a right angle, still more lights and, of all people, my great aunt staring into the lights at the end of the hall. Very agitated at this occurence, not knowing if it was fire, or some other upset that required my attention, I began a trot in its direction. At that point I recall (kind of like Santas reindeer!) a lifting of my feet and legs and up I went. In very short order all went dark, all fell away (my body, place, circumstances)and the essential me of me was involved in an ascent...until coming to said portal mentioned earlier in which all I can recall were cloudlike formations over a cauldronlike (and that word is not to have any negative connotation) basis...with what was bubbling up from the cauldron mixing in with the clouds above it and this was perfection and creation in action. My KNOWING at that time was that I was in everything, everything was in me, and that everything was in a perfect balance. The other notion I had was that the energy was so powerful that if it were withdrawn everything would collapse, but that that would not happen...furthermore, the word calibrated came to mind. As in, everything was perfectly calibrated to hold only its allotment of that energy, and that one-zillionth more of it and a body would burst into bits. At the portals edge, even though I had no body or even much in the way of caring about what had happened to it, I do recall my hands grabbing the portals edge and I kind of docked there and went no further...only witnessed the roiling of the generator of all that is, was and would be (as described before.) At about the point of docking and peering in, I was conscious, alert, awake and aware, and said to myself: OMG, Im dying! and then something to the effect of I didnt want to do that. (That would be the distressing part and I almost clicked another choice for 42.) As soon as I said that the experience of coming down began, the up there having been short-circuited by my ambivalence or fear...even as I quick-changed my mind and said, No, NO! (leave me up here for a while longer.) The coming down was not so memorable in and of itself. What there is to know is that I did then and still do sleep on my back...and I felt as if my feet were the first to gain life back and then the descent of the rest back down as if my astral back to stomach and like that. As my arms were folded across my chest, they were the last to come to and I recall being conscious of that happening. Upon full re-entry I was quite astonished at the whole thing and lept out of bed as if every cell was on fire and said Holy S**t, Theres nothing I cant do! Later on I went at myself over that notion-thinking that it was a bit egocentric, but I digress. I further recall that everything in the room had a bit of a glow to it, and so probably did I. I also remember being fascinated at a pencil in my room. Its interiority struck me as magnificent...and to think that none of it (me, my body, material circumstances) had mattered or even existed just moments before was quite startling.     ",,full citi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,I was i,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2123,ME ,1322,24,,M,    ,,American,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2124,ME ,1068,21,,M,"This STE described below may seem mundane in comparison to several others Ive had in previous and later years. In my previous STEs I wasnt able to process the experiences correctly or truly appreciate their significance. However, I consider the experience Im about the share to be the most important. It has ultimately lead me to receive answers to many questions that I had accumulated in my life, up to that point. It has also lead me to a comforting state of existence. The most simplistic way I can describe the experiences is: the light was switched on, like flipping a switch for a light bulb. I had been so confused and full of important questions. Questions that my brain couldnt fathom at the time. These important questions now seemed to have attainable answers after the light was switched on. I was sitting, watching the movie in the theater. Literally, out of nowhere, my thought process evolved. it not only distressed me, but delighted me. I left the movie theater immediately, with my girlfriend. She was hysterical and upset that I couldnt give words to my emotions. I was to overwhelmed with emotion to accurately portray correct explanations. I was literally in tears the whole ride back to my parent house, about 15 miles away. I was finally able to mutter the words, I cant really describe this, I just feel a better connection with GOD!!. Immediately after I uttered those words, IMMEDIATELY, a beautiful white owl swooped in front of my car at 65MPH. Its a miracle in itself, that the owl wasnt smashed. This was instant reassurance that my feelings were profound. We stared at each other, mouths aghast. She, being a very stubborn religious person, instantly grasped my feelings. She said, wow, I understand now. When we arrived at my parents house, we discussed in depth, the implications. Neither of us really had the thought process, or capability, to understand the importance. After evolving spiritually, mentally, and emotionally, we both concur that this experience was a turning point in our cognitive evolution. The majestic quality and timing of the sighting was overwhelming. Three years earlier, my grandfather Robert Heinemann, had died. his dying, or re-birthing process, greatly affected my father and I. My grandfather was on kidney dialysis at the time. The burden on my grandmother, and his body, eventually became too much. The family decided to take him off dialysis and let him pass. I had visited him a few days before he died. He was in and out of earthly consciousness, conversing with dead friends, family members, and old acquaintances. I received the news he had died right before a high school, playoff, soccer match. I felt my grandfather during the game. I didnt feel him beside me, I felt him within me. The entire game I heard the words he had uttered to me before every game that he watched. He would say work as hard as you can and everything will pay off. This was always in the back of my head while playing games. But, this time it was different. The advice was not only in the front of my head, but had become tattooed into my soul. I played the game like a man possessed. I scored a pivotal, game tying goal. I also scored the game winning penalty kick. Walking up to the ball, before the game winning kick, was different. Spectators said the Washington rain halted. I thought of nothing. my mind was clear, pure, and focused. I wasnt thinking about my grandfathers re-birthing or losing the game. I didnt even feel my body until the ball hit the net. I then felt an overwhelming amount of joy. I knew that Grandpa Bob was within me on a spiritual level. It was amazing. In the days after this experience, I wanted to discover more. I believed in spirit, and the beyond, up until this point, but had never experienced it like this. This was personal and moving, to the point where I could barely comprehend the emotion. I thought more about the conversations he had with passed souls in the hospital. I thought more about his love and spirit within me. I thought about things that held little meaning to me, prior to his death. For three years I had put the experience in my vault. I somehow knew that I wasnt ready to fully face the answers for the questions I had. One thing did comfort me before the STEs mentioned above. I always had random run-ins with beautiful birds. The run-ins always occurred when my brain was calm and relaxed, in a meditative and comforting state. my first encounter was during our first annual family golf tournament. We decided to honor Grandpa Bob by hosting a golf event. Before my round started, we were warming up on the range. It was a beautiful Washington summer morning, very tranquil. I had another clear moment, at peace with everything. I gave thanks to Bob for allowing us to experience this day and come together. I was saying this in the back of m",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2125,ADC,1113,50,,F,    ,,citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,I was u,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2126,ADC,1313,41,,F,"My experience was a feeling that was both emotional and physical in nature. I cant say that I saw or heard anything, but I felt an overwhelming sense of peace and well being, which was odd considering that my dad had suddenly just died. I learned that my dad was completely and totally okay even though he was dead.    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Writer/,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2127,ME ,1450,59,,M,    ,,Citizen,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Senior,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2128,ADC,1134,33,,F,I did so on question 3.    ,,USA citiz,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio,housewi,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2129,ADC,1514,40,,F,"I was sleeping with my 9 year old son, Connor. My brother, Tripp, came to wake me up to tell me that my step-mother had called to tell him my father had passed away. I believe the time was 2:36 a.m. or close to that. When Tripp whispered to my from the hallway, I immediately jolted awake. I knew why he was waking me. He told me that he was going to my dads house, but that I should not go. I went downstairs to tell my husband that my dad had passed. Looking back, I was very calm. I was not crying or upset. My dad and I had an extremely close relationship. I was wide awake, so it was not that I wasnt fully understanding, I just wasnt upset for some reason. I went back upstairs and quietly got back in bed so as not to wake up my son. As soon as I lay back down, I fell back to sleep with no problem at all. (Another thing that seems strange given the situation.) It seems as soon as I feel asleep, I wasnt really sleep anymore, but sitting on my couch at my own home in Savannah. I looked up from my couch down the hall to my front door. Our front door has glass panes in it. Through the panes, I could see my dad standing there. He looked young like he did when I was a little girl. He had on seersucker pants, a starched white shirt and a bright yellow tie. I couldnt believe what I was seeing. I slowly walked to the door. Time seemed to go very slowly. He was patiently waiting and just smiling at me through the glass, his eyes never leaving mine. As I made my way to the door, I knew that he shouldnt be there. I also wondered how I got from the bed at my brothers house to my house in Savannah. I knew that he was gone and should not be here on earth. As I opened the door, he smiled, and said, Hey there, Sweet Girl...I promised you I would come back to see you in Savannah. I just stood there for what seemed like a long time and then slowly walked to him and started to hug him, but then I remembered the pain it caused when I hugged him because of the tumors in his abdomen. But he sensed my hesitation, and said, It is OK Sweet Girl. You cant hurt me anymore. There is no more pain. Then he walked through the front door, into my foyer and straight up my staircase where he just kind of vanished...I stood and watched him walk away, then I just immediately woke up, and I was wide awake, and the dream was as real and vivid as if I had just been standing at my front door. I was not groggy at all or scared or sad. I was so happy and comforted that he had come to me. I could still feel our hug. I looked at the clock and less than 40 minutes had passed since my brother had come in to tell me that my dad had passed away. I lay there for over an hour replaying the dream. Then as I was falling asleep, I begged and begged him to come back.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,avera,avera,"50,000 99",maste,Realtor,,marri,marri,Unc,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2130,ME ,1303,54,,F,"Through hypnosis is how I have been able to get back in touch with the other side or other dimension. I have had amazing experiences. From Past Lives that I can verify to meeting with my Spirit Guide and the Masters. I have been able to have access to my soul on the other side or in the Astral. It is like an orb. When I touch it I feel complete and whole. What is neat is that I can feel and see the souls of all my family and friends there also even though they are still alive here. I have also talked to deceased family members. The place is so beautiful. Flowers, gardens, fountains, temples, streams. Beings of light in different colors. It is beyond anything that words can begin to describe.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Registe,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2131,ME ,1165,13,,F,"I, once again, knew I was part of something much larger than myself and the people and circumstances below. It filled me in some way that allowed me to feel comforted rather than continuing to feel so alone. And then it was over.    ",,American,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Outside,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2132,SDE,1403,38,,F,"The spinning light was like a DNA strand, the texture was soft and smooth like milk, it was slowly spinning in space, everytime i closed my eyes I saw this the day before they unplugged her life support.    ",,usa citiz,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Buddhist,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,massage,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2133,DEE,1090,24,,M,"A friend of mine, Gary, a co-worker at Babcocks, was trying to convince me of the reality of Spiritualism for several weeks or months prior. I was drowzing in the break room when afterward I recalled hearing a gentle male voice very much like that of a radio announcer explain to me that I needed to spend time with my oldest son, two at the time, due to his three month absence.    ",,I am a Un,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,I was a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2134,SDE,1517,27,,M,"I was awake and alert. After doctors told us they were unable to necessitate my father, my mother and I were lead into the ER to identify his body. Lying on a gurney, I saw his body; However, I saw his spirit/energy 4-6 feet above his body. It looked like transparent water moving in a stream. It was his energy, like what you feel when they enter the room behind you. it told the chaplain who was with us. She said, Some people see that. I also saw and felt my father, as listed above, at his funeral, but not as strong. I felt a peace in knowing he is still with me in spirit.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Peace C,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2135,ME ,1431,28,,F,"It was a warm July evening in 2010. I had two 8month-old twin daughters at the time. I got an invitation for a dinner with friends and spent the evening with them. My husband was at home with the girls. I was walking home after the dinner. It was already dark and the city lights were on. I was walking on a deserted street alone when a car passed me. Young men were sitting in it, hearing loud music. I did not really pay attention to them and turned into another street, which was much darker. Suddenly a really strong invisible force hit me, and I staggered into a dark corner near a house. I almost fell, and was shocked. 2 seconds later the same car with the young men appeared in the street. This time they were driving very slowly as if they were looking for something/someone. They could not see me, as I was still in the dark corner of a house. They passed me again, this time the music was off. I realized later that they must have been looking for me. I struggled to get myself together in the corner where I was still crouching. I was shocked because it was clearly not me, who decided to hide in the corner. It was as if someone/something had hit me or shoved me there. I went home at last but I have not told anybody about this experience for a long time, not even my husband.     ",,Hungarian,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Human R,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2136,ADC,1537,48,,F,    ,,Dual citi,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,School,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2137,ADC,1233,45,,F,"One morning about six weeks after Chelsy died I had this overwhelming urge to call Diana. I didnt know why or what I would say but I called her right right after I got out of the shower, wet head and all.....at the end of the reading she said wait, wait....your daughter is coming to me.....its her....she is with a guide....hes someone from your past, helping her now.....she is not speaking but she wants you to know how happy she is....she is holding up pictures of beautiful flowers, vivid colors, she is smiling from ear to ear. Then she said Chelsy wants you to know how much love her body holds for you. And that her job in heaven was to help her sister Carrie. At that point I lost it, again crying uncontrollably....I had never heard of an encounter like this. Afterwards I wrote it all down so I wouldnt forget it.....then like Dr Alexander I read everything I could get my hands on. Hello from Heaven comes to mind along with Embraced by the Light......I was obscessed to learn everything that I could about what had happened. I didnt tell too many people as I knew my Christian friends may be judgemental about my involvement with the psychic. Hell, after all I had been through, who should judge...God was merciful to me; Diana helped me more than any counselor ever did in my lifetime.    ",,"USA, born","25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,My back,,divor,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2138,DEE,1264,70,,F,I did this previously in #8. What did I learn? I learned that I can be at peace with what is happening as I experience a myriad of physical changes in my body and the extreme loss of energy that I began experiencing one year ago. I learned that each moment is to be treasured and I can rest easy no matter what happens to my physical body.    ,,Citizen,1 2000,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,Ordaine,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
2139,DEE,1272,64,,F,"Hank and I vacationed every June at a resort in Lenox, Massachusetts. It was a week-long event that offered workshops to the many people who returned year after year.  For four years I gave a workshop called Conversations About God. This open forum invited people to talk about how they felt about God and about their spiritual experiences. It was not about religion, only God. We talked about the signs we received from God and about miracles we saw or heard in our personal lives. My goal for this workshop was for us to get close to God and to connect with each other. On Friday, June 26, 2009 at 1:45pm, I went to a room to conduct my workshop which was to start at 2:00. I was standing by the rooms door waiting to greet people as they arrived. A man walked up to me. He was a large man, about 62. He had white hair nicely styled...bald on top, longish on the bottom. He wore a geometric-designed tent garment that covered him from neck to knee. His face was clean-shaven with pink shiny cheeks. He had this powerful and pleasant look on his face. But I was struck by his face because it was glowing. There was an unmistakable glow coming from his face, as if a light was on inside his head. I could see that the glow was of a spiritual nature. I couldnt stop staring at his face and its glow. I asked this man if he was a minister. I was wondering if he was coming to my workshop for personal or professional reasons. He was friendly and said that he wasnt a minister but that he came for personal reasons. We chatted lightly while waiting for the rest of the people. Normally about 20-25 people came to my workshop but it was 2:00 and no one else showed up. We went inside and I set up chairs in a circle. One other man came. He was a regular participant who lived in Boston. We were friendly and teased each other because he was a Red Sox fan and I was a Yankees fan. By 2:10 I could see no one else was coming. I thought it was strange. Not even my husband Hank came that day and he came to all my other workshops. This man and I immediately locked into each other, talking. I dont really remember all that we talked about. That part of the conversation was blocked from my mind. The Boston man tried to talk with us but we totally ignored him, though not with malice, so he got up and left. The man and I continued our conversation. Then this stranger said to me, Youre an E.T. Master. I looked at him for a long while. I took him seriously, thats the strange part. Whats an E.T.? I was scared to ask this question because I kind of knew what ET meant and I was afraid to hear him say those words. He paused, staring at me, You know, an extraterrestrial. My spirit and my eyes were locked with his spirit and his eyes. Oh, I think I said. Im an Angel, he matter-of-factly said to me. I believed him. I believed everything he was telling me. I wasnt afraid of him and I didnt think he was crazy. I trusted and totally believed this total stranger. Thats whats so strange. I didnt even want to come up here, he said. I have work to do and a wife and children back home in Texas. I wasnt even planning to come to your workshop. I was sleeping but a loud noise woke me up so I looked on the agenda to see what workshops were scheduled. I saw your workshop and decided to come. Now I know I was sent here to see you. Whats your name? I asked. You can call me Fred. What work do you do? Im a CPA. What am I supposed to do? What are you saying to me? I dont understand. Are there books I should read? He looked away from me and said: You will be meeting people. They will show you the way. I dont remember what else we talked about in the one to two hours we talked. But I do remember that I was spiritually locked into him, like I was spiritually locked into the glow and cross and the ghost. He got up to leave and said goodbye. I said goodbye but I didnt get up. I couldnt get up. I was just sitting there, numb-like, just staring ahead. He stopped and turned around, Are you okay? Yes, Im okay, was all I could say. I sat alone in the room not really thinking about anything. Then I returned to Hank, told him a little bit about my unusual workshop but I didnt tell him then what Fred said to me. Later that night I saw Fred one more time at a dance our event put on. As soon as I saw him I went over to give him a big hug and a kiss on the cheek and I said thank you. He smiled. He didnt say anything, though. We parted and I went back to Hank and we danced the night away. I remember looking for Fred in the dance room but I never saw him again. I regret not knowing his last name or not asking for his contact information. I tried to find out more about him so I could contact him but the organizers of the event couldnt help me without a last name. When the event was over, my husband and I returned home and I waited for these people I was su",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2140,DEE,1332,54,,F,"See number 43 above. In addition, shortly before this event, I had been reading Alexanders book Proof of Heaven and remarking to myself how I met my husband in 2008, the year that Alexander had his NDE, and that my husband died on the very same day that Alexander was sent home from the hospital, but several years later.    ",,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",docto,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2141,OBE,1341,66,,F,"I decided to take a Past-Life Workshop in the small, homey office of a hypnotist in Katonah, New York last year. Besides the hypnotist, another woman and myself were present. Before the session started, the pleasant hypnotist explained that she was going to hypnotize us. (I tried hypnosis one other time in my life but I couldnt be hypnotized. I thought, however, that I would try it again.) She said we would be going down a long flight of stairs. As we went down, we would be getting more and more tired. When we reached the bottom of the stairs, we would be hypnotized. Then she would direct us to go into a room where we would see who we were and where we were in our past life. It all sounded pretty okay, nothing scary. So, sitting in comfortable chairs, we closed our eyes and the leader directed us down a long flight of stairs. I remember the stairway was dark, but not frightening, and I was getting more and more tired. At the bottom of the stairs, she told us to open the door in front of us and go into the room but I saw a window opened and I flew out instead. I flew out into the dark universe. I wasnt in a spacecraft, it was just me flying. I remember just flying around in the darkness but not feeling afraid. I have a sensation that I was a young woman then, not my senior age at the time of this STE. I never actually heard anything. My experience was silent. I dont remember feeling cold or hot, but just right. I was wearing an ordinary set of clothes--pants and a top. I remember loving the experience of flying. I felt peaceful, serene and happy. I was flying alone, although I have a sense that my husband, Hank, was there from time to time. I remember seeing faraway stars and planets but I didnt land on anything. I was in heaven, in more ways than one. At some point I became aware that I was struggling to do something--waking up. I didnt want to leave the universe, I was enjoying flying so much, but I was awakening to my present human reality in the hypnotists office. When I awoke, the other woman was already awake. The hypnotist asked me if I was okay. I said yes. She said I was having a hard time waking up. She thought I fell asleep but I told her I wasnt sleeping. The other woman talked about her experience and then I talked about my flying experience. The woman and hypnotist didnt say anything while I was describing my OBE. The session ended pretty much there. I remember feeling strange about being in this strange world on Earth. I wasnt sure I was okay enough to go out into the street and drive my car home, but I was. I can still feel myself flying in the dark universe, feeling peaceful and happy. I hope that, when Im on my deathbed, I am able to call upon this feeling when it is my time to pass on into Eternity.          ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2142,OBE,1500,39,,M,    ,,Born in t,2001 2,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,avera,littl,"50,000 99",maste,For the,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2143,ADC,1449,44,,F,"Re-telling that, is as real to me now as when it happened. I dont remember intact dreams like some people can. Never have been able to.    ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2144,DEE,1349,44,,F,"At that moment when I was in despair, I felt a physical touch in the middle of my forehead, on my third eye, which is what I was told later. It actually gently pushed my head into my pillow. At that moment I felt the most incredible sensation of love, acceptance and forgiveness that I have ever experienced. It only lasted a few brief seconds, but I was absolutely changed forever by the experience.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Freelan,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2145,DEE,1188,22,,F,"Initially, the environment felt cold to me. the people were very business like and even the woman who was there to hold my hand was not very friendly. I felt alone. The machine was loud and the experience of having my cervix dialated we very painful. The machine made an awful sucking sound and I felt sad. All of a sudden everything changed and I was filled with the most all encompassing feeling of love that I have ever known. I felt as if I were witnessing God himself ushering/welcoming that little babys soul back to heaven. It was clear as day to me not as a vision that I saw but as an experience that I felt. The love was completely transformative. My pain was gone and I suddenly felt pure love for the other people in the room. I told them all that I loved them and thanked them for helping me. The operation ended, but that feeling of love, as if a door had opened and I was privvy to Gods love, stayed open for a long time.      ",,U.S.A bor,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Unity,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I had h,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2146,ADC,1334,20,,F,"I went into my patients room to set her up to eat the noon time meal. She was quiet, awake but not quite there, still breathing. While I was turning her from one side to the next, she died when I moved to the other side of the bed I saw her spirit or ghost hovering at her bedside, the spirit looked down at her own body, looked at me, looked down at her body and then turned away and vanished.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Young m,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2147,ADC,1130,40,,F,"I had been painting the wall of our upstairs hallway for what must have been hours. It was late at night, and my husband and two young sons were sound asleep. I was painting with a paint roller---back and forth, back and forth...... All of the sudden, two orbs appeared on my righthand side. They were balls of light about the size of a softball (perhaps a bit larger). They were together, and I knew that these orbs of light were my grandmother and grandfather. I just knew this. It was a known fact even though they didnt speak to me. The orbs then started to move/zoom around my body and then through my body. I remember feeling pure love and joy. It was the most incredible, wonderful feeling. Everything happened very quickly---no longer than a minute. It was truly amazing.    ",,U.S. Citi,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,weekly,week,moder,littl,"100,000+",maste,ESL tea,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2148,ADC,1206,89,,F,Both myself and sister were in awe and knew it was moms way of telling us she was there with us. We were very close to mom and were devastated by her passing.    ,,Canadian,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2149,OBE,1421,54,,F,I saw what I imagine must have been a vision:very simply clouds &amp; sunlight in a bright sky but I was in the sky about plane height. The vision was incredibly clear a dream would me very fuzzy in comparison. I could SEE every detail    ,,South Afr,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,avera,moder,"0 24,999",some,medical,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2150,ADC,1326,49,,M,"Just finished Proof of Heaven last night following the book and movie of Nosso Lar. This has been a life changing two weeks for me. Fifteen years ago, while meditating one afternoon on my office couch, I felt two hands roll me 45 degrees from my back to my side. Suffered from chronic back pain as a result of an athletic injury at the age of thirty. Startled, yet at peace, looked up to see the deceased form of one of my fathers closest friends, a small town surgeon. Dr. Pauls hands went to the small of my back while simultaneously radiating incredible warmth and energy into the damaged lumbar area. I clearly proclaimed, I miss you Dr. Paul. He smiled, and after standing there for what seemed an eternity, drew his hands from my back, stepped away slowly and faded before my eyes. I immediately arose and went to my desk. For two hours I sat motionless while I recounted vivid memories of the man who had helped a boy whose father was killed when I was eight years old. Not until I stood up, did I realize that my back pain was completely gone, and had no idea that I would be pain free for the next ten years. I shall never forget Dr. Paul Myers.    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Busines,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2151,SDE,1463,54,,F,"I was sitting there while she was sobbing and I was just thinking and seeing him spiritually, when I felt this over whelming calling of him to look at him, like a child learning to ride a bike for the first time, they are excited and are jumping up and down to get your attention. I looked because thought I should, and that is when it happened. I never saw him but followed where he wanted me to go. I never heard a word or saw any human or other form. He was beckoning me to follow and I was above beautiful pastures and then higher above a mountain with waterfalls, and it was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. I felt total joy, enthusiasm, peace, love, and I remember thinking, take me, I need this too, why cant I go too? The next thing I saw was the bluest most eternal sky ever and then there was a bright light and I could not go any further. When I was aware that I was back in the room, I was in shock from what had just happened, but the room was filled with a golden warm moving stream of light, that was fading. I started yelling to my friend who was sobbing in horrific grief, that he was in the light, cant you see the light? I got up and started shaking her violently and told her she had to remember this moment and what I was saying, that it was that important. The light kept swirling around us and dimming as it was leaving. I didnt want it to go, but it did.    ",,usa    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,custome,,divor,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2152,ADC,1187,43,,F,"One night after Cloy\xe2\x80\x99s funeral I was lying in my bed in the middle of the night unable to sleep. I was experiencing incredible deep agonizing emotional pain. I had left a church that I knew wasn\xe2\x80\x99t true and I had been ostracized by family and friends for doing so. I was divorced and felt so alone in the world as a single mother. I was curled up in a ball, hugging my knees closely to my chest. I always shook when I cried. It was as if something was trying to shake loose inside of me to finally be free, but it couldn\xe2\x80\x99t quite make its way out, and so I was strangling, squirming for spiritual air. I cried and trembled. Suddenly something other-wordly occurred. I saw Cloy at the end of the hallway. She came towards me into my room. I recognized her because of her outer form. I say outer form because she was translucent, yet color filled, if that makes any sense. I could see through her, yet I could recognize completely that it was her. As she came towards me I said in exclamation, Cloy!\xe2\x80\x9d  It is difficult to describe what happened after that because words cannot describe what occurred next. There simply are no words on this planet for it. All that I can say is that Cloy somehow filled me with what she feels wherever she now is. Suddenly I felt as if someone had placed a needle about two to three inches long in each and every pore over my entire body, starting at the top of my head and ending with the bottom of my toes. The needles had something in them that was the essence of pure unadulterated ecstasy. It was a joy that I have never felt in this earthly existence, and I am certain that it does not exist at the earthly level of vibrational being. The needles tingled full of warm bubbly unconditional love. It was Christmas and Valentines and Halloween all in one. It was chocolate kisses and truffles and the sweet nectar of watercress fresh out of the mountain spring. It was children\xe2\x80\x99s laughter and hugs and unity squared. I was in a state of complete euphoria and exultation that I have never before or since experienced. I was involuntarily smiling from ear to ear. I could feel myself smiling, but it was not me doing it. Seconds before I had been in utter agony. Now, I was so overcome with happiness, that the smile on my face felt permanent. I thought to myself, \xe2\x80\x9cI am not smiling I am being smiled!\xe2\x80\x9d  I lay in the midst of this pleasure and rapture as the needles continued to tingle and pour warm, pure, syrupy, liquid affection into my veins. The veins carried it swiftly to my major organs and I breathed tender compassion. My blood became a river of sweet adulation. I then realized that if there were a drug that could reproduce that feeling \xe2\x80\x93 I\xe2\x80\x99d be on it twenty-four-seven. As a social worker dealing with methamphetamine users, I had wondered why in the world these people would take drugs and lose everything for it. Instantaneously I knew the answer. I mean, if it feels anything like what I felt that night, I can understand why someone would sell their soul for it. I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that this feeling was ethereal from another realm. I could only guess that Cloy was aware of my secret agony and she was giving me the ecstatic feeling that is constantly present wherever she is to assuage my pain. The message of the feeling was one of (and it\xe2\x80\x99s difficult for me to say this in words because it was conveyed to me beyond words \xe2\x80\x93 it was communicated soul to soul, mind to mind \xe2\x80\x93 words just cheapen it, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t know how else to describe it except with words) \xe2\x80\x9cJane, you are loved unconditionally and you are OK just the way you are. The apostles aren\xe2\x80\x99t right. The church isn\xe2\x80\x99t right. There is no right. There is no duality. Love, love, love. You are love and you are loved. There is only love.\xe2\x80\x9d   I closed my eyes and luxuriated in the heavenly tingling. Eventually it subsided. The needles slowly pulled out of my body, starting at the top of my head and finally leaving altogether through the ends of my toes. I am thankful to Cloy for showing me such support and joy.      ",,Citizen o,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Social,,divor,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2153,ADC,1304,56,,F,"I saw my father as I had last saw him when he was feeling well before he had cancer. I felt overjoyed to see him and began to run toward him to hug him. He smiled at me with understanding and compassion. He did not visibly speak, but I could hear him speaking to me. He told me I could not hug him yet, but he wanted to let me know he understood and I was forgiven. (I had been feeling guilty for a long time that I had not spoken with him honestly about his illness and impending death because we had always been very close.).    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Medical,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2154,OBE,1454,17,,M,"I came back home late at night from a fair that I had gone to with my girlfriend. I went to my room, and I was very sleepy. Although I was really tired, I wanted to stay awake because I still wanted to call my girlfriend before going to bed. The urge to sleep was powerful though, and I started to drift off into a dose.. HOWEVER, I was still AWARE I wanted to stay awake, so consciously I was still fighting the sleep. So I got up. Except.. It wasnt my PHYSICAL body that got up... I.. and not the PHYSICAL I, maybe it was my spirit I dont know, rose up a few feet in the air and stood there as if I was floating. I knew wasnt a dream because I had had several dreams/nightmares up until now, and also I knew I was still in my room in the exact same spot (Despite being in the air) and I saw my television, walls, and things in my room that were already there before, in the exact same place. My sight of these things was shortly focused on something else, as I saw a tall, black, shadowy figure standing right in front of me. I was frozen with fear as obviously this sort of thing doesnt happen everyday for me.. So I just stood there looking at it. It seemed malevolent. I just had this feeling that it knew I was scared of it, and that was an achieved goal for the figure or something, and it slowly started to walk (move, float) towards me. Before it got too close, I woke up.. Or.. Became my physical self again, and I was scared and confused at what just happened..    ",,United St,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Odd Job,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
2155,ME ,1240,40,,M,"Please see previous answers. I learned that God is real, more so than this world. He loves us. Our existence is actually spiritual. He knows what we are thinking. If people realized how loving He is, no one would be afraid of dying. Also, it is extremely important, while we are here in this world, to release our brothers and sisters from our judgement (to forgive them) and to replace our judgement with unqualified love.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Life In,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2156,DEE,1541,65,,M,"My STE is a Divine Entity Encounter, at least I think that is the closest description of it. I have reported this in my book; Jesus Who. I suspect it was the Spirit of God, but it could have been an angle.  Personal Story; A love tap of Understanding For several years, I could not accept that all the people in a couple of Old Testament cities were killed by Joshua\xe2\x80\x99s army. Joshua 11:11-12 What about the infants and young children? Why should they die a terrible death for the sins of their parents? I was thrown a curve by this story. How could God do such a terrible thing? This was not merciful. This was a big problem for me and remained so for years. These young children could have been taken into homes of decent people and they would have no knowledge of their biological parents or their old lifestyles. Then one day I was praying about this and I got something like a gentle slap on the head, an interruption of my consciousness from outside myself, likely from the Spirit of God; I clearly heard. \xe2\x80\x9cThe souls of the innocents were taken a moment before they died.\xe2\x80\x9d So when the sword hit, the children were in a persistent vegetative state in that God had already taken their souls to safety. What a relief! I was elated. Then about five seconds later, I thought; Hey, wait a minute. Did God really tell me that, or did I just make it up to ease my own distress? Straight away I got a second interruption and I clearly heard that voice again; \xe2\x80\x9cIf you did make it up, how much wiser and more merciful is your Father in Heaven.\xe2\x80\x9d Wow! It was definitely not my voice or my words. The old fashioned style is not the way I use words or language! Plus the fact that it came as an interruption to my thoughts (hey, pay attention). I am convinced that it was Divinely given personal information to help me get over this stumbling block. Most wonderful of all, notice that the communication was loving, not angry. I had just assumed, that God would be angry with me for being dumb, weak and sinful, because I was often angry with myself for those reasons. The improbable lovingness and civility of this communication kept me in a state of astonishment for several years and still causes breathlessness when I recall it to mind. How could the all powerful God love such a dumb, weak and sinful little man? Is that an improbable enough God for you? It sure is for me and I do have faith in Him. He\xe2\x80\x99s got you, He\xe2\x80\x99s got you and He\xe2\x80\x99s got your back. Don\xe2\x80\x99t worry about anything because all this earthly stuff, everything here, is ridiculously trivial to Him. I thank God for showing Himself to me as a loving father and I do feel very blessed for it. God is love and I suspect that humans have been programmed by God to love our children so that we, in our human pettiness, would have at least some experience of what love is. \xe2\x80\x9cAnyone who loves God must also love their brother and sister\xe2\x80\x9d. 1 John 4:21 So we are supposed to love one another, that means love everyone always. So just know that you too may reasonably expect that the one and only God will communicate with you about your Christian concerns and that it will come out of the clear blue sky and be a loving personal answer. He is the same loving God for all of us, even those people we don\xe2\x80\x99t care for. As improbable as it is, God loves us all. You will come to be as fond of your new Christian memories as you are of your actual childhood memories, because there is a mighty and loving Father helping you through a difficult and confusing adolescents. If you missed out on that from your biological father, you will find your Heavenly Father especially wonderful and loving. Really. God never said that the Bible is all there is to know. It is implied that the Bible is the minimum you should know and there may be certain things that He will communicate to help you personally if you ask Him. Waiting for God to answer is fairly short term, it is not the classic; Waiting For Godoe. God is for real.     ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2157,DEE,1260,32,,F,"Other than the above information, I felt very comforted.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales f,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2158,NDE,1197,17,,F,"I was standing by the deep end of the pool, when a boy from the football team tackled me and sent me to the bottom of the pool. As I sat on the bottom of the pool, the Virgin Mary appeared to my on my right hand side. She was bathed in a pure, light with soft cream and blue colors. She spoke to me with out words, she said.. relax, it is not your time to go yet. I felt peace, love, calmness..    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2159,ME ,1494,41,,F,"I was extremely relaxed and focussed on the tree I was drawing. I looked up and viewed the scene beyond my tree very large weeping willow trees in the distance, flowers and plants in front of them. The willow trees were gently blowing in the breeze. I just suddenly experienced this intense awareness/knowledge/feeling that everything in the universe was part of one whole, that everything was connected to everything else, and that everything was just the way it was supposed to be. It is very difficult to put this into words. It wasnt an awareness that dawned on me slowly. It occurred instantly, and in that moment of insight, I understood that everything in the universe was as it should be, and that everything was alright. I felt intense peace and in awe of G-ds majesty. I call this my G-d moment. It only lasted a few moments, seconds. But it left me feeling more peaceful than at any other time in my life.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,littl,"100,000+",docto,Dentist,,divor,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2160,NDA,1047,35,,M,"She was very weak, had stopped eating and couldnt swallow even an eyedropper of water. She slipped back and forth between consciousness and being non-responsive. the event began casually enough, with her periodically asking Who is that person across the room. Hospice warned me this could happen. Of course I would look and no one was there so I would say I dont know. After a couple more times of mentioning that people were standing across the room, they became closer. At one point, she saw 2 people standing right next to my sister at her bedside. My mom asked my sister Who is that? My sister asked Where? and my mom said Right beside you! Of course that totally creeped out my sister! Keep in mind that although Hospice had given her morphine which I was to deliver as needed, after the first and only time I gave it to my mom, after a few hours she woke up and asked me what I had given her. I told her morphine for the pain. She said They told me Im not supposed to take it so please dont give it to me again. I did not. So the incidents of her seeing people were becoming more frequent and she mentioned a Benjamin which my father said must have been one of her favorite distant relatives that had passed on well before I was born. He said my mother always had a connection with Benjamin in life and that they were good friends. She also saw both her parents and would carry on conversations with them. I would sit by her bedside, holding her hand and she would seem unresponsive yet mumbling as if she was talking to someone. At one point, she was talking to her deceased father, I guess, because my dad and I kept hearing the occasional Daddy come out of her mouth. All of a sudden her eyes would open and she would look directly at me and ask Can you please tell Daddy (or Aline her mother) to come back? I want to talk to them again. One morning, she asked me to go get my father, which I did. She said to him Joe I love you. He said I love you too. She said I dont know whether to LET them help me leave. (We knew she meant her parents and the others she had been talking to). My father asked If you went with them, would you be happy? She said OH YES! Then he said Well, then, you should go. Sometime after that point, they told her what time she would be departing. 1:30. We didnt know whether that meant AM or PM but her demeanor was one of anticipation. She was almost excited. She kept asking (felt like every 5 minutes) What time is it? What time is it now? What about now? Despite our grief, we had to chuckle at her reaction. After that, the next day the chaplin was scheduled to visit at 9:30 am. He called at 9:00 am to say he would be delayed. He told me he would be able to get there at 1;30 pm. the coincidence totally escaped me at that time. I walked into the bedroom and my mom perked up and asked Who was on the phone? (which by the way is really out-of-character for someone who is in a non-responsive state almost 24/7. At that point, she didnt even act as though she knew she was in her own bedroom). I told her it was the chaplin and that he would be there at 1:30 pm. She exclaimed HOW DOES HE KNOW? I had to laugh! I told her He doesnt think you are going to die at 1:30! Hes just late! (little did I know!) So, fast-forward to 1:00 pm. Tracy, the aide was with my mom and I had gone down to my house to bathe and change clothes. A very strong thought popped into my head GET DOWN THERE! I looked at the clock and it was 1:15 pm. My only thought at that point was that I didnt want to miss the chaplin. I ran down the street and met him on the sidewalk as he was leaving. After a brief exchange, I hurried into the bedroom whereby Tracy promptly grabbed me by the shirt and pulled me into the bathroom. Wide-eyed she said I just saw something! Ive never seen anything! I just saw a BIRD fly into your mothers hospital gown! It flew inside the fabric! I saw the gown billow up as it flew across her heart. Then it disappeared! I was speechless. I said come on! and we went back into the room. My mother was having trouble breathing and her lips where turning blue. I looked and Tracy and said this is it, isnt it? Very quickly, my moms skin flashed blue (anoxia?) yellow (jaundice?) then pink/grey again almost like technicolor and at the same time I could hear her lungs filling up with fluid very quickly. No longer able to take a breath, she quickly expired. It was 1:30 pm.    ",,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2161,ADC,1021,31,,F,He took me to a room full of people that had NO faces. I could not hear them talk. my dad reassured me that he was alrigt. He wanted me to stay but the people began to speak and cackle not mean but they protested.    ,,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,Real Es,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2162,DEE,1533,71,,M,First I felt a Presence that started to indicate new exercises . As I was surprise I asked : I recognize a divine presence here and I would like to know Who is it .The response was I am Arc&#225;ngel San Gabriel .From that day on He has been always helping me ro recup&#233;rate my voice . Now I have it 90% back and continue giving recitals.    ,,Colombian,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Layer,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2163,NDE,1162,16,,F,I felt peaceful beyond peaceful. I saw beauty beyond beauty. I heard singing and music so exquisite that I can not describe them. That has been my problem-there are no words to describe.    ,,USA    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,none,,single,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
2164,NDE,1093,29,,F,"The next thing I became aware of after being in the hallway was seeing my body below me. I was lying on a table, my lower half covered in blue draping. There was a doctor handing someting to a person at my right shoulder who took it and quickly and turned her back to me. I saw her arms moving very quickly, but couldn\xe2\x80\x99t see what she was doing. There was blood all over my abdomen. Another doctor was threading something into my chest, he was at my left side. Someone else came into the room to my right.  I was \xe2\x80\x9cfloating\xe2\x80\x9d past the ceiling. I was aware of this detail and found it interesting. I was \xe2\x80\x9cKrista\xe2\x80\x9d but not attached to the body below or the events going on in the room. I was simply an observer. I wanted to keep watching but was pulled to my left by a very strong force. I resisted only for an instant, then knew I must go. It was almost as if I was \xe2\x80\x9csucked\xe2\x80\x9d into this tunnel-like space. There were no defining \xe2\x80\x9cwalls\xe2\x80\x9d, only a static-like grey/white/black type of atmosphere throughout. I was a part of this static. I was moving at lightening speed. There was no time, and I remained Krista throughout the entire event. In the tunnel I next felt the bliss of all-penetrating, all encompassing love. No words can describe this feeling. I was \xe2\x80\x9chome\xe2\x80\x9d. All the questions I\xe2\x80\x99d ever had in my life were answered in an instant. The confirmation I was given was that we are here to love one another. Period. We are here to love. The next thing that happened was I was emerging from the static to a light grey illumination that was sort of milky cloudy in substance. There were beings lined up to my left, waiting for me to arrive. I did not know any of these beings. There was a young boy, around 12, who wore a round brimmed hat, like a child would have in the 1800\xe2\x80\x99s. For an instant I wanted to be there, then I didn\xe2\x80\x99t. I was back in the tunnel very briefly when it opened up to this vast, indescribably beautiful landscape. Breathtaking. I was immensely joyful and so very loved by it and everything. There were bright yellow flowers spread out across the ground in front of me. A forest lay to the right. A rock waterfall surrounded in lush greenery to the left. Past the flowers were undulating green grass hills dotted with trees and a bright blue sky above. It was Eden. It was home. In an instant I was given the choice to leave and I did. I knew I needed to be back here and be a mother. My next memory was of being in the ICU.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Physici,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2165,DEE,1510,15,,M,"I will try not to repeat myself (from above). I was shocked at first and I felt fear engulf and paralyze my body. Eventually, I composed myself (because the lighted Christ entity was not going away) and I decided I was not going to be fearful, so I looked up again and just experienced the vision in front of me for several minutes. I looked around into the night darkness, and saw two sources of light in front of me the campfire and the lighted Christ entity to the left of the fire ring. The camp fire seating was organized in a semi-circle (around the fire pit). I was seated in the middle on the first row between two female friends. I eventually asked one of them if they saw anything. She said no.     ",,Resident,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,None. I,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2166,ADC,1395,55,,F,"Everything was white, I felt calm and happy. It was very quiet. I believed that Butch was actually communicating with me. Different encounters happened, 1 prior to this and 2 after this.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Registe,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2167,SDE,1400,63,,F,"At about 0330, I dreamed I was in his ICU room just as it was, and he suddenly sat up in bed. I ran to the bedside fearing that he would dislodge tubes, when the patient stated  Dont worry about me. Ill be OK. I woke up and had this overwhelming feeling that he would survive this illness. The next day, I got report from the night nurse and discovered that he was out of the unstable cardiac rhythm. He had converted out of it at about 0330. After his rhythm stablized, his blood pressure continued to improve as did his other symptoms of septic shock.    ",,US citize,"50,000",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,very st,"50,000 99",some,registe,,divor,divor,No,moderately str,All pleasant,senior
2168,ME ,1267,7,,F,"I was walking alone in the woods, following an animal trail. I suddenly became hyper-aware of everything around me. I was flooded by an all-pervading presence of light, which left me astutely aware of how everything was connected....One. I saw myself, each step, as impacting everything around me that sent a wave through everything because I was completely connected with everything. With that, I became aware of how carefully I should tread on the trail I was following and that it was my responsibility to take careful steps because life was everywhere. I also suddenly understood how precious and alive everything was and that even inanimate things had a form of consciousness. I continued walking and sat down with my back against a tree. I could feel the pulse of the universe running through everything around me, like a beating heart, but everything was pulsing together at the same time, in unison. Everything was also made of light. I could see with my open eyes, the light that permeated everything around me. I saw the sacredness of the grass, the animals, the trees, the dirt beneath me, the rocks. I felt a profound sense of love. It was a euphoric experience that I remember as clearly as the day it happened almost 50 years ago.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2169,OBE,1289,33,,F,"I was doing some computer work, and the next instant, I was standing in a barn. I could smell the hay and straw, and on my right side were stalls for horses, but there werent any horses in there. At the end of the barn was a Dutch door, with the top half open. To the immediate right of the door was a window. I remember looking at my feet, and I had boots on (nothing Id wear to work). I could also see the straw, and it was a bit dirty. Looking back at the end of the barn, flowing through the door and window was the warmest, loving white light. The light knew and loved me. The next instant I was back at my desk.    ",,Natural c,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Unaffilia,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Secreta,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2170,OBE,1143,17,,F,"I was disembodied. Watching my sister and Grandmother talk in a store I had never been in. I described the store and their conversation in detail. I was floating above, but I didnt see myself, just knew it was me. The feeling was pleasant.    ",,N/A    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,undec,none,"50,000 99",Some,student,,single,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,youth
2171,ADC,1315,47,,F,"After the Beach Boys &amp; Louie Louie songs played, and I talked with the other shoppers about feeling my sister had made the DJ play Louie Louie, I walked home. I was sad that my sister had died (she survived 8 months after dx with cancer), I was exuberant that she had contacted me. I talked with my father over the phone. He said that after the memorial service for her, he was cleaning the drink containers. A butterfly of a hue hed never seen (and he was an astute Naturalist) landed on the tap. He decided to leave that tap &amp; go inside. Came back the next day &amp; same butterfly was there. 3rd day &amp; it was there again. He said Kathi, if that is you, go on to Heaven and the butterfly flew around his head &amp; on up into the sky. Dad became more spiritual after that    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2172,OBE,1499,4,,F,"My experience is difficult to define, the feeling of being in a heavenly place cannot be defined. I knew it was euphoric, a continuous euphoria. I know one day I will return there. I look forward to it with longing. I do not fear death. I also know that I have a purpose. I do not remember what that purpose is. It baffles me. I believe I have lived before. I have no recollection of past lives, but I definitely believe God sent me back, I believe I was angry about that for I know how challenging life on earth is. I do believe everyones life has a purpose, it is not random. I have had a very difficult, and challenging life. I have struggled more than most, so I find it difficult to understand what my purpose is.    ",,Im a US c,1 2000,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,none,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2173,NDA,1423,12,,M,Very timeless. Floating and very pleasant. Not much life experience at that time because I was twelve. Saw a very bright light and floated toward the light through a very dark tunnel... Began later to descend and my body rotated so that I was laying with my back on the ceiling of the hospital room and was looking down at myself in the bed with my grandmother sitting there next to me.    ,,American,"100,00",religious,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,NA    Q,,single,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,youth
2174,DEE,1382,39,,F,"The voice that woke me was so pronounced and deliberate. Also,the waking was accompanied by a night sweat. But that was it...I also recall I had a vivid dream 2 weeks before this incident. The dream involved Damir. I had dreamt I was in a courtyard at a wedding with my 2 children and husband at the time. I had seen the devil lurking in the courtyard trying to hide and not be seen. I then said, In the name of God I command you to leave! and he turned and walked out through the gate. At that momeent, after he left, my friend Damir walked up to the entrance gate with arbor and walked in. Before Damir passed away, I conveyed the dream as well as the divine message I receieved 2 weeks after. He was dumbfounded.    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Healthc,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2175,ADC,1527,52,,M,"Occurred several years after death of mother( 1998?) In dream, mother entered what appeared to be a classroom setting dressed in a black top and black and white A line skirt. She told me Stacy is dead. No more was said. Had image of Stacy lying in a ditch beside a road. Stacy was our middle daughter who was away at school at the time and remained alive until committing suicide in 2014. (Of interest, Stacy also had visual image of he grandmother, Edith, my mother, shortly after my mothers death.)    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Army so,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All distressing,adult
2176,OBE,1254,42,,F,"I was listening to a Coldplay album on my iPod and looking out the window of the plane, relaxing &amp; enjoying the flight. I wasnt paying particular attention to anything and was letting my mind wander when I gradually realized that I was flying, not flying in the airplane, but flying alongside the airplane. It was a wonderful feeling, like the flying dreams that I used to have as a child. The difference was that in my childhood dreams, my body was flying and...and I was asleep. When I was on the airplane, I wasnt sleeping. What happened was that I was listening to the music and then I became aware that I was flying in spirit. That is to say, I saw my body sitting in the airplane but *I* was outside the cabin, in the air just beyond my window. I saw myself there but I wasnt afraid. The whole experience was beautiful. I could feel myself soaring. The freedom and the peace that I felt was amazing. When I first realized what was happening, I just enjoyed it but then,unfortunately, I tried to control it. I wanted to see if I could go up or down and the moment I started thinking, the experience was over and I was back in my body, sitting in the airplane, looking at the clouds outside my window. I stopped the iPod and started the playlist over &amp; over, hoping that if some notes had triggered something, that it would happen again, but nothing further happened.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,founder,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2177,ADC,1113,50,,F,    ,,citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,I was u,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2178,ME ,1211,51,,F,"I was SO comforted, both at the time and later when I found his body. I knew he was loved and safe and free from the struggles of his life here. I learned that there was no judgment of Steve for his life that, from a human perspective, would be considered wasted. The feelings, the awareness, took me far beyond the teachings of my legalistic religious childhood.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Masters,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2179,DEE,1468,64,,F,    ,,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,I have,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2180,DEE,1193,31,,F,    ,,usa    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,avera,moder,"0 24,999",colle,real es,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2181,DEE,1086,30,,F,When I felt a hand on my shoulder I knew it was Jesus. All my pain when away. I said thank you and went right to sleep. It never seemed strange to me because I had seen Jesus before as a little girl. It just seemed normal.     ,,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,Mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2182,NDE,1415,3,,F,The eyes in the tunnel kind of scared me and the singing was weird and scary. But the warm breeze going thru me like I was made of smoke was so warm and smart. Filled with so much knowledge and more love than the earth can know.    ,,USA    Q.,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Toddler,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2183,DEE,1533,71,,M,First I felt a Presence that started to indicate new exercises . As I was surprise I asked : I recognize a divine presence here and I would like to know Who is it .The response was I am Arc&#225;ngel San Gabriel .From that day on He has been always helping me ro recup&#233;rate my voice . Now I have it 90% back and continue giving recitals.    ,,Colombian,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Layer,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2184,ADC,1347,32,,F,see above    ,,legal,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",maste,Social,,marri,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
2185,SDE,1535,30,,F,    ,,Canadian,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Some,secreta,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2186,ME ,1475,41,,F,"I left the group and went out of the room and stood outside. I looked at my hands and expected to see them glowing for the electricity I had felt during the ritual. However I was surprised that they were not glowing. Within the next second I knew that everything I looked at, the trees, the leaves, the stars the wooden platform I stood upon, everything WAS ME. I was everything around me I was part of it all, all of creation was also me. It lasted just several seconds and then it was over. However it has never left me. I know now that I am and always have been part of all creation and everything is actually ONE THING.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Worked,,marri,separ,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2187,ME ,1406,55,,M,"  In 1954 I was born in Astoria Queens, NYC and brought up in the Diocese of Brooklyn. I attended Our Lady of Mount Carmel School and Church. My family moved to Northern New Jersey and I finished my Catholic School in Immaculate Conception in Franklin NJ Diocese of Patterson. To my parents credit one can see where the foundation of my Catholic Faith was formed. I was dragged to church. Didn\xe2\x80\x99t want to be there so eventually when I was old enough I left. I lived a very sinful life. One can only imagine where I was but I was not with God. I joined the Navy and began to become an adult and my world did not include God. Things happened to me that in retrospect God must have chose me for better things because my Guardian Angle was very busy.  I met Protestants, while in the Navy. These people were FIRED UP FOR THE LORD. They were obnoxious thumping their Bibles. I didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand them. Finally in 1975 I associated with them enough that in Key West Baptist Church I accepted Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior. The evil one still had a hold on me and I soon returned to my secular and sinful way of life. As we headed east for Desert Storm in 1990 there were definately more Christians than I have ever seen on an Aircraft Carrier before in my life. History is what it is with that war. Prayer works. Never doubt it.   I did get married to Paula in 1982 in St. Monica\xe2\x80\x99s Church in Sussex NJ. We had a good life as a Navy couple. We attended Mass sometimes mostly non-denominational services. For some reason I developed an attitude toward the Catholic Church.  I retired from the Navy in 1999 and by 2003 we found ourselves in Warrenton VA attending the Warrenton Presbyterian Church. Make no mistake the Pastor and congregation of Warrenton Presbyterian are blessed people. I had attended a Methodist Church for a couple of years, while living in NY so going to church now in my life became a necessary event. But I still was not dedicated to it. I had a Protestant perspective on forgiveness, which is what the Bible says happens if we repent; That is what I was taught by Protestants, however it still is not the teaching of the Catholic Church.  Life was good life was bad. I had some financial difficulties with other obstacles in life and I earnestly prayed to God that he help me get my life in order. Paula and I by the grace of Divine Providence found St. John the Evangelist church in Warrenton VA about 2006. It reminded us of our old time Catholic up bringing and we both felt like re returned home. We stayed.   Now in 2012 at age 57 I\xe2\x80\x99m going to back track. At age 54 or 55 I attended Mass during Easter. Father Cozy discussed the Divine Mercy Chaplet and Saint Faustina. I thought it was interesting that all one had to do was say this chaplet for salvation. Fr. Cozy had planted one of the larger mustard seeds of faith in me, no doubt. As a government contractor my customer was the Navy. I was able to walk the walk and talk the talk with Sailors so I excelled at my job (at least I thought I did). It wasn\xe2\x80\x99t until I was age 55 that I bought my copy of St. Faustina\xe2\x80\x99s diary. I had to ride two large deck helicopter and aircraft carriers in a month\xe2\x80\x99s time so my travel to west coast gave me plenty of time to read the diary. I read through St. Faustina\xe2\x80\x99s diary like a novel. I eventually realized this was a 20th Century Saint talking directly to me. She was talking directly to me! Through Providence I started saying one Hail Mary a day also eventually this lead up to a full Rosary. I guess the door with no doorknob on my heart was being opened to Jesus. Things started to happen. While on one of the ships I shared a stateroom with two Harrier Pilots. They were both Catholic and noticed what I was reading. We shared some fellowship. I finished the Diary and it was like there was a bonus CD in the back of the book. The bonus was St. Faustina stayed with me. I\xe2\x80\x99m not going to say apparition in this essay, but I will say \xe2\x80\x9cheightened spiritual awareness.\xe2\x80\x9d I had this sense Sister was with me. I attended my first Divine Mercy Service that Easter and completed the novena prior to that. I was able to venerate and kiss a first class relic of St. Faustina during the service a woman had and shared with us all. It was about this time in May that I was coming home form work. I pulled in my driveway and was gathering my wits when in my interior voice. The interior voice! In my interior voice from nowhere I heard a woman\xe2\x80\x99s voice say thank you. The voice was so beautiful and melodic. It could only be associated with Our Blessed Mother. I paused and took it in. Hopefully I said a prayer. I don\xe2\x80\x99t remember but I probably did. Within weeks something else happened. My commute to wor",,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,dail,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2188,DEE,1425,33,,M,"I awake to nothing. No body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space: no near, no far, no light or dark. No heat, no cold. No emotion: no joy, no fear. Just calm awareness in a gray void. A moment / eternity passes. Light! A brilliant sun! And with it, darkness: the fullness of empty space. A small human figure stands in silhouette. My consciousness shifts. I become the figure; a human body standing in space before a radiant globe. I feel! I am bathed in intense light and heat; light and heat so intense that if I were in a physical form I would be vaporized. I am engulfed by boundless, infinite energy; overwhelming energy. Another shift in perception: energy becomes love. Energy and love are the same. Energy is love. I am embraced and cradled: infolded by a boundless field of energy/love, love which is personal yet vast beyond comprehension. I am seen; seen through. The barriers and masks that we construct to present an idealized persona to the world are blown away. Though the experience is veiled to me I perceive that my life in its naked reality is being lived and fully comprehended by a conscious presence. There is no judgment. My being with all its shortcomings, failures, and rough edges is unconditionally accepted, loved, and cherished. I become aware that what had first appeared like a sun is un-like anything from ordinary reality. I am in the presence of a radiant, fluid luminosity. An amalgam of water and light is the best approximation I can think of. The sense of being before a conscious presence intensifies. My mind buzzes with the desire to hold It, to explain and contain It with my thought. The more I grasp, however, the more It slips away. It cannot be grasped or named. I give up, let go, and allow myself to simply rest with It. With this shift from desire/grasping to acceptance I am permeated by light. In a blaze, the dark husk of my body flakes away. I become light. I am one with the light. I am the light, a fluid, radiant luminosity. I have no body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space. I am calm awareness in a radiantly luminous field of joyfully dancing light. A moment / eternity passes. I find myself with a luminous body. A thought is expressed without words: approach your live with joy and gratitude; compassion and acceptance. A cosmic chuckle: clear-eyed and hard-nosed. I am laughed at/with. \xe2\x80\x9cDon\xe2\x80\x99t take your self so seriously\xe2\x80\x9d rings in my mind. As I turn from the light a frigorific presence rushes from behind and past my left ear. It is a transparent nothingness consuming all energy in its path. It radiates a cold animus and an implacable will to be separate; to differentiate. As it rushes past an iron darkness warps around me. It fuses to me and I become dark and solid. I awake to an ordinary day.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,Archite,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2189,DEE,1250,44,,F,"My father had been dead for about 5 years by this time. I dreamed I was in my parents home visiting my mother. Every detail in their home was exact...like I was awake in a dream. I was sitting on a recliner and my mother was sitting on the couch. I suddenly noticed I could not hear her speak. My father appeared next to her and began to speak to me. My mother continued to talk, albeit silently, and did not notice my father. My father told me that my oldest sister had cancer and he just wanted me to know because I have been the care taker in my family. He said it was to be expected because she had been living such a hard life. Then, he slowly vanished into nothingness and I was able to hear my mother speaking again.  Shortly there after the dream ended.     ",,United St,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,RN/hypn,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2190,ADC,1252,52,,F,"After what happened to me its impossible not to believe. I have to admit that when life gets tough I have my doubt but I remember Cindy and the vitamins and I said to myself: How can I doubt. Reading Dr. Alexanders book is like a confirmation of my heaven. My description was very thorough. And I have to say that I dont pretend people to believe, but no body can take this experience away from me and I am glad that an atheist was present to be my witness. Even for myself, because this is so unreal that after it happens you find yourself wondering if you are imagening or what.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Before,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2191,ME ,1268,40,,F,"I kept asking if there is a God I want to see God. If God is perfect I want to see perfection. I saw the brightest white gold silver light, felt absolute unconditional love touch me I was apart of it but as a spark of being a recipient of this love. The feeling of peace and tranquility was supreme. Then I got scared and thought maybe Im oxygen deprived and Im dying which stopped the experience as suddenly as it began.    ",,American,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2192,NDE,1324,42,,F,"While unconscious, I was in a greyish muddy area and I was looking out over a lake or a pond or a sea of this greyish muddy stuff and there were these peoples heads bobbing out of the mud. I didnt recognize anyone as they were covered with this muck. It was very unnerving.    ",,citizen o,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,nurse,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
2193,ME ,1359,48,,F,"My cousin seemed to be kind of sweaty like she had been working hard. She asked me a question that seemed to reverberate across many times and many people and many connections and many places. It was a question that could be applied to any of our family or loved ones or the human race even. It seemed timeless and very expansive. I saw like a rolodex all the people my cousin wanted to know about, as if she could some how page through my heart and mind and bring out everyone in pick form quickly. The question was, and it was directly to my heart/mind not spoken. She wanted to know if The marriage was alright if it was healthy and strong. I felt she was asking about my own marriage as well as someone elses I told her my marriage was good, strong. Some how in stating this it seemed to make her feel assured and more relaxed. I asked her if she was okay, through my heart/mind, she said she was fine, that she was doing a lot of good work here. Then. I woke up!    ",,Citizen,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,Librari,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2194,DEE,1357,40,,M,"I was lying on my back with my hands folded across my chest praying to God. This was a regular practice for me prior to going to sleep. I was extremely upset and angry with my wife-cannot recall why. My eyes were closed and in my minds eye I saw the face of a bearded man appear and a white light flash over my body. It happened extremely quickly. The most absolutely miraculous thing happen to my body, my conscious self when the light washed over me-immediately I felt peace beyond peace words cannot describe how calm, peaceful, serene I felt. There was not an atom in my body or molecule that was not calm and serene. Again, words can not in any way describe how I felt. I rolled over and told my wife the most remarkable thing is just happened to me I explained how angry and upset I was I described to her the experience of what had just happened.    ",,American,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Financi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2195,ME ,1015,48,,M,I felt the utmost gratitude and humility when caring for my beloved father during his final weeks. The peace which I have carried with me from this experience remains.    ,,Australia,1 mill,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",High,self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2196,ME ,1458,34,,F,"While hiking, I suddenly had the sensation to perceive the colors more vividly. I then saw a bright light (an even some kind of pinky light and green lines\xe2\x80\xa6) and felt like melting into the nature. I was like literally inundated, showered by love. I am some kind of an orphan and feels lonely sometimes. It was like receiving the purest love, comfort ever. I didnt hear words per se but I felt like receiving s very strong and powerful message that I was able to translate immediately: you are loved, then you should never worry and then you never need to justify yourself to anyone. It was extremely strong, determined and healing for me. While having the sensation to melt into nature, I felt that the hikers I was encountering were like an extension of my own body. I felt love and compassion for them and I felt they felt my love for them. I wanted to embrace everything and everyone. I kept looking at my hands as if I had a sudden comprehension: there are no limits in matter, we are all One. After the hike, I called my best friend in NY telling her that life was marvelous, that we should love everyone etc\xe2\x80\xa6 that I suddenly understood songs like Imagine, One or the Man in the Mirror. I felt so grateful for life, quit smoking immediately and didnt fear death anymore.    ",,France,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,writer/,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2197,NDE,1033,28,,F,I heard a soft voice urgently tell me to move my legs so that the fire could not get to my heart. I could not go with her because I had to stay with the children. I saw my two childrens faces before me and I struggled very hard to move my legs. I could feel the heat of the lightning moving in my body.     ,,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2198,ADC,1326,49,,M,"Just finished Proof of Heaven last night following the book and movie of Nosso Lar. This has been a life changing two weeks for me. Fifteen years ago, while meditating one afternoon on my office couch, I felt two hands roll me 45 degrees from my back to my side. Suffered from chronic back pain as a result of an athletic injury at the age of thirty. Startled, yet at peace, looked up to see the deceased form of one of my fathers closest friends, a small town surgeon. Dr. Pauls hands went to the small of my back while simultaneously radiating incredible warmth and energy into the damaged lumbar area. I clearly proclaimed, I miss you Dr. Paul. He smiled, and after standing there for what seemed an eternity, drew his hands from my back, stepped away slowly and faded before my eyes. I immediately arose and went to my desk. For two hours I sat motionless while I recounted vivid memories of the man who had helped a boy whose father was killed when I was eight years old. Not until I stood up, did I realize that my back pain was completely gone, and had no idea that I would be pain free for the next ten years. I shall never forget Dr. Paul Myers.    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Busines,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2199,SDE,1308,41,,F,"After I fell to the ground and my father was with me we chatted like normal, then all of a sudden he said we have to go and see my step-mother and brother. The whole time I experienced this the beautiful warmth and light was upon me, to describe the light as best I can, is like having a massive spotlight place over you and the rim of the light is pure white and protective, inside the light is the perfect warmth, like the temperature is set to perfection. As we walked over to my step-mother I said to her please dont be afraid I have Dad with me and he wants you to know this, I then placed my hand just under her left shoulder and just above her breast and said Dad wants you to know he loves you with all his heart and soul the look on my step-mothers face was shock and tears welled in her eyes. We then walked over to my Brother (who had a 20 yr feud with my sister) I said to him again, please dont be afraid I have Dad with me and he wants you to know, with that I then placed my hand over his stomach, and said Dad understands the feud between he and my sister is deep seated within them and could they please let the past be and find a way to love each other again, my brother was also shocked....I told him again, not to be afraid. After I gave these messages to my family, we walked over to a rose garden, the whole time the light was with me and the most beautiful, euphoric feeling I can not describe was with me. In between the messages I kept repeating to Dad how beautiful it was. When we sat at the rose garden, Dad asked me if there was anything they could do (we werent allowed to tell him during the week he was dying) I said there wasnt the cancer had spread to most of his body and I just kept also repeating Look Dad, look how beautiful it is I was just in awe of it. With that he was gone and I was back to reality. I returned to the motel we were staying at, thinking that the experience was spurred on by lack of sleep or stress. I thought I was losing my mind. Later that day I returned to the Hospital and was in the kitchen when a nurse came in and I told her that I thought I had lost my mind and was it normal when a loved one was dying, I told her about what I had experienced and thinking she would agree that it was stress induced, the nurse (Paula) then stated that is exactly what Dad would experience when he does finally pass. I was shocked. We both returned to Dads room only to find he was awake and outside in the courtyard, with two other nurses beside him. We couldnt believe it. He was telling my brother, as best he could as for most of the week it was hard to make sense out of much he was saying to us, he told my brother he had enough and then looked straight at me and said I have had enough Im ready to go because its beautiful isnt it buttons (a nickname Dad callled me) I was shocked but replied with a smile and said It certainly is Dad. The most wonderful calm came across me and I knew then everything would be alright. Paula (the nurse) then placed her hand on my shoulder and said, There is your confirmation. Later the next day, we all couldnt believe it when my brother and sister were standing in Dads room, hugging each other and genuinely sharing a laugh together. I then softly whispered in Dads ear, See Dad, you did it, I heard you and they are getting along now, everything is ok and you can go now. I know he heard me as I felt a weak grip on my hand as I was holding his hand. A few days later I found out that the messages I had given to my step-mother and brother were almost identical to what my Dad was trying to say the morning I had the experience with my father. I wasnt in the room at the time.    ",,Australia,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",High,Busines,,marri,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2200,ME ,1440,21,,F,"Dear Dr. Alexander, Thank you so much for your book, Proof of Heaven. I have not had a NDE, but I experience a variety of connections with/in my own body. I thought I would share them with you so that you might be able to incorporate these ideas and implications into the knowledge you now possess. Mini-bio: I am 32 years old, lesbian, a former college athlete, white, middle-class/U.S., non-religious. When I was in my teens, I was inexplicably drawn to spiritual books for the greater part of 2-3 years, and then that continued into college (previously, I detested reading anything). There was no explanation for this; I detested organized religion as well. I read books by Brian Weiss Many Lives, Many Masters; Charles Tart (actually flew to California to see him speak); Gary Schwartz, among many others. I found myself reading anything and everything I could find on reincarnation, psychics, NDEs, mystical ideas and the like. As I read more, it seemed like the reading experience was such that the more I read, the deeper I went into things I already knew...and that is what kept me reading. In part, I also think that I connected this knowledge with a more sociological knowledge of the body/spirit, particularly by way of sexuality since I was also, simultaneously, coming into the awakening of my sexuality and the relationship between aesthetic experience and physical sensation. For me, there was this immediate connection between sexuality and spirituality. At any rate, I went on in college to major in psychology, sociology, and religion/philosophy. I was one of the very few students in school that defended the reality of psi phenomenon, having never literally not really experienced it myself up to that point. I read the stories and just knew they were real. As I read more, and defended the idea more and more, I began to experience more in the way of expanded consciousness. All of this started shortly after this 2-3 year stint of reading. My clairvoyance is somehow limited by time; I know things are going to happen and Im informed of them, but only about 10 minutes prior. I receive information/images in the waking state in the form of symbolic interactions i.e. ideas are communicated by the meaning my psyche will construct if I cogitate about what very material relations actually mean or feel like specifically to me i.e. the particular is what carries the universal intent of the message/the lesson. In your terminology, I think that is my bodys way of adapting to the inflow of messages that it knows are from the outside. Most often, it goes like this: I will be receiving information that I can feel is information coming through and I will pay very close attention to the content because I know it is not just my own random thoughts (i.e. I would probably be a good receiver in telepathic studies). I will then obsess about what I can make of the structural relations of that content in the very context of my theoretical/sociological categories/knowledge...because it seems to me that it is in figuring out that puzzle that explains why it is that Im receiving that message. Sometimes I can figure out who it needs to reach. I guess this ties in with the quotation on your website that all thoughts and actions are interconnected...and that is true at every level. Story 2: Although it may have nothing or everything do with me, the night I was on my bed studying, crying, and mourning my deceased cousin who died the night prior she came to visit me by staging a physical impossibility... because she knew that would register to me (Im also a very scientific mind I see the possible by way of the impossible. My family makes fun of me for always asking for percentages and probabilities in all aspects of life). :) Anyway, the night prior to this, I remember the light bulb above my bed blowing out I could hear the filament hit the glass of the bulb. Nonetheless, I had left the light switch up/circuit open. As I was sitting there crying the second night, thinking about Beth, and feeling guilty that we had not connected more the year before when she requested that, the light illuminated in a fashion akin to those lights that very gradually get brighter/lighter by touch. It lasted for about 10 seconds. It illuminated in a way that is not possible given the type of light it is; it wasnt on a dimmer switch. And the visual was as if a blast of energy had simply traveled through the space. I know to a degree of 100% that this light bulb had totally and completely blown out the night prior. I was sitting in the exact same place. I immediately knew it was her, and was immediately brought to tears, again. I verbally thanked her. The next day I took the light bulb to a philosophy professor of mine who was very familiar with modern physics. He was a materialist. I told him what happened, asked if there was s",,U.S. citi,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",maste,I didnt,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2201,ADC,1097,46,,F,"I was asleep, but I was not dreaming. I suddenly knew my dad was there. And he WAS. He was real: this was not a dream. He was healthy and well, and he said, I love you. I couldnt say a word..and then he was gone.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Other,Other,,,never,never,none,very st,"100,000+",some,High sc,,divor,divor,Yes,none,All pleasant,adult
2202,ME ,1451,24,,M,"Detail may take a bit more space than there is here, but I will attempt. Briefly, very tired, I fell into a deep sleep. In what seemed like the beginning of a dream sequence, I found myself on the second floor of a mansion in town that I was quite personally familiar with. From a spot in the hall, I noticed flashing lights coming from the hallway of the west wing. Irritated and needing to investigate I went in their direction. Where the halls joined at a right angle, still more lights and, of all people, my great aunt staring into the lights at the end of the hall. Very agitated at this occurence, not knowing if it was fire, or some other upset that required my attention, I began a trot in its direction. At that point I recall (kind of like Santas reindeer!) a lifting of my feet and legs and up I went. In very short order all went dark, all fell away (my body, place, circumstances)and the essential me of me was involved in an ascent...until coming to said portal mentioned earlier in which all I can recall were cloudlike formations over a cauldronlike (and that word is not to have any negative connotation) basis...with what was bubbling up from the cauldron mixing in with the clouds above it and this was perfection and creation in action. My KNOWING at that time was that I was in everything, everything was in me, and that everything was in a perfect balance. The other notion I had was that the energy was so powerful that if it were withdrawn everything would collapse, but that that would not happen...furthermore, the word calibrated came to mind. As in, everything was perfectly calibrated to hold only its allotment of that energy, and that one-zillionth more of it and a body would burst into bits. At the portals edge, even though I had no body or even much in the way of caring about what had happened to it, I do recall my hands grabbing the portals edge and I kind of docked there and went no further...only witnessed the roiling of the generator of all that is, was and would be (as described before.) At about the point of docking and peering in, I was conscious, alert, awake and aware, and said to myself: OMG, Im dying! and then something to the effect of I didnt want to do that. (That would be the distressing part and I almost clicked another choice for 42.) As soon as I said that the experience of coming down began, the up there having been short-circuited by my ambivalence or fear...even as I quick-changed my mind and said, No, NO! (leave me up here for a while longer.) The coming down was not so memorable in and of itself. What there is to know is that I did then and still do sleep on my back...and I felt as if my feet were the first to gain life back and then the descent of the rest back down as if my astral back to stomach and like that. As my arms were folded across my chest, they were the last to come to and I recall being conscious of that happening. Upon full re-entry I was quite astonished at the whole thing and lept out of bed as if every cell was on fire and said Holy S**t, Theres nothing I cant do! Later on I went at myself over that notion-thinking that it was a bit egocentric, but I digress. I further recall that everything in the room had a bit of a glow to it, and so probably did I. I also remember being fascinated at a pencil in my room. Its interiority struck me as magnificent...and to think that none of it (me, my body, material circumstances) had mattered or even existed just moments before was quite startling.     ",,full citi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,I was i,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2203,ME ,1212,51,,F,"Two of my dear friends and I were in a trio during the practicum of our masters program. For this exercise, I was the client, my friend was the therapist,and another friend was a neutral observer. I was determined to get answers from Steve and absolutely refused to make anything up! In a Gestalt, you invite another person (who is not physically present) to sit in a chair across from you and talk to them. When youve said whatever you want to say, you trade chairs, sitting in the guests chair and wait to see what they say back to you (through you). I told Steve about all my regrets regarding him and my mothering of him. I poured out my heart and asked his forgiveness. When I moved into (his) chair, I just waited, determined to really hear from Steve or hear nothing at all. All of a sudden I felt this huge whoosh of energy coming from the upper right and landing on me. I could sense Steves effort to reduce his energy down to match mine. He said, in great excitement, (and this sounded exactly like Steve who loved mechanical things and physics and was a dare-devil) Mom! Youll never guess what Im getting to do up here! (It was said with such excitement. It was obvious he was in heaven! Finally he quieted and said, Mom, all the things I did to hurt you and all the things you did to hurt me are just stuff that happens on earth. Now were free to just love each other. A minute later he left.    ",,US citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2204,DEE,1201,35,,F,"I was comforted, I felt at peace. I felt strong when my mother died later that day, and I coped well with the days following, helping to support my family. I told some people about the experience and they thought it strange that my mothers spirit could have visited me when she was still alive. I was told later by someon else that it was likely to have been an angel who came to me, to give me strength. I am content to believ this assertion.    ",,British,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"25,000 49",maste,Busines,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2205,ADC,1471,46,,F,"I cant find the right words for it, because I dont have the vocabulary knowledge to do so, but I try. My senses expanded. I could feel and see the spirituell part of us, and making the decision before it actually hit the human brain. It feels like someone is standing behind you and does everything for you and you are just the puppett. That means, I noticed in a conversation with my friends, we where sitting at a table, and we were debating on something, which actually did not make sense, but in that moment I have seen the spirit part of my friends saying lets go, and in that instant my friends got up and left. Than there was a situation I wanted to trade my car. So I went to the cardealer and talked to him, there was no reason that I would not have been able to trade in my car. I had money and good credit. But I heard the spirituell conversation again, and there was a headshaking no on my side and the cardealer said ok, I am not able to trade in your car. I wanted to by a cheap place, and there it was again, the no from both places. Everything I my ego wanted to do, I felt like I move against a wall. Everything I my ego thought would be good for me, moved through my fingers. I was actually out of control, even though I knew what I was doing. It did maked absolutely no sense to me than, now I do. I would share many many things. But I think I would have to talk or write to you more about it.    ",,US citize,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,none,"0 24,999",High,Clinica,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2206,OBE,1559,49,,M,"I think it was November 2014, I was doing my meditation and this time I focused on my concern about IS and asked why this is allowed to exist. I received instantly an answer. A thick blanket of love came over me from my feet to my head. This was symbolic and like an introduction for the next images. I was shown a large area. A kind of birds eye view was shown to me and a thick blanket of love was pulled over that area which was taken by IS. It became clear to me that this blanket of love was made by numerous souls who were concerned and sending their love. This love was enormous and the concern was like from a mother towards her children. It became clear to me that the love was there and it could heal if people wanted to. It was up to them (the IS-soldiers). Their (the IS-soldiers) decision, their free will, was the result of the mess and suffering. I was told to be not afraid. Never!    ",,Dutch nat,"50,000",spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Diploma,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2207,ADC,1385,37,,F,"    After closing the front door shut, I looked up to see this very sad look on my Daughters face, she was crying. I didnt think for one minute she was dead. I told her to come down off the stairs and she just looked at me blankly, pleadingly. That look will haunt me all my life. It was then I noticed my dressing gown belt, which was made of a silk like material around her neck. Reflecting back on this, I realise now that the stitches had broken so this had stretched giving the illusion, Tracey was standing on the stairs, leaning against the wall.    Thinking she was unconscious but alive, I realised by locking the door, I had locked out any chance of help from neighbours. I asked my little girl to go in the kitchen and get a chair. Put it near the bench and stand on it. On the top of the cabinets above, there are some scissors, bring them to me?    Bless her, she done everything asked of her while I held Tracey from her own weight. My little boy cried and cried and cried in a panic and was too young to understand the urgency what was going on around him other than he knew there was something very wrong.     I cut my Daughter free, called 999 then started Life saving techniques. I did have the support of the emergency service by phone. Although the ambulance service is a five minute journey to my home, I found out later there was a mix-up as the houses were within the first six months of building and the postcode had not gone on the register.     Thirty five minutes later, with a two year old still screaming and a five year old who thought there was blood on her sisters neck when actually was the marks like rubber bands make if you leave them a while around your wrist.     This was so traumatic for everyone who knew her. I also has two other children to consider. One aged thirteen who my now dead Daughter was very close to and my eldest Daughter, who was married and living in army quarters of Germany    Without my other children, I would not be here today. They gave me a reason to go on. They had suffered enough. My Daughter was pronounced dead when the ambulance eventually arrived.    ",,Full UK r,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Student,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2208,NDA,1470,43,,M,"I did not see anything. I felt a sensation like energy pouring through me. It felt positively energizing. I heard the phrase No matter what happens, everything will be ok. I feel like I was somehow changed by that experience because I feel like I do not have to worry about my father. I cannot explain why I have this peace.    ",,Legal U.S,"50,000",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,undec,littl,"50,000 99",colle,Longsho,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2209,NDA,1179,16,,F,"I saw the stars in the universe flash past me as I was speeding away leaving the earth, to hear a voice telling me It was not my time, I have important things to do. I still wonder if I need to do more to complete the important things somehow.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,avera,"25,000 49",some,High sc,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2210,ME ,1485,20,,F,"To put as simply as possible (not easy to do) I became identified with love and with God. I was immersed in and surrounded by non-visual spiritual light. Yet I was outside duality of light and dark altogether. I was inside and outside myself at the same time. It was a healing experience that washed away all my past traumas. I forgave everyone and everything, including myself. And then I felt the purpose of my life, which included the healing of other people. And then I gradually came back to earth.    ",,Full nati,"100,00",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",some,Student,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2211,ADC,1497,23,,M,see # 8 above    ,,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2212,DEE,1168,8,,F,"She told me some scary things were about to come but wouldnt say what. Just that it may seem dark but there is love in the darkness. I must know I am safe and I am loved. It was like a lullaby, there is nothing to fear, you are in our arms. We are watching over you always.    ",,Citizen,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Childho,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2213,ME ,1116,34,,F,Please see earlier summary.    ,,USA/Brazi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,very strong,none,"100,000+",maste,Wall St,,marri,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
2214,ME ,1099,60,,F,We observed Stan in the rocking chair next to his bed with his finger on his forehead as he always did. We didnt hear anything but noted that later on he was in the bed covered up. I didnt really feel anything other than it was a normal Sunday morning.    ,,US Citize,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",docto,Educati,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
2215,ME ,1361,26,,F,My friends were pouring oil over me anointing me. I had prayed before going to bed that night that God would some how make something in me occur so that I could have faith. One of my friends had a such a deep faith in God and Jesus yet she had no evidence at all because her life was hard. Very difficult circumstances yet she continued to believe in Gods love for her. I thought to myself that I would like to have some of that faith because I admired it. But I knew I didnt have it. So I asked God for it. I said God if you are real please provide me with a bit of faith so that I might believe in you as well.    ,,Citizen,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,I had j,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2216,ADC,1020,56,,F,"When I traveled to Ohio for my mothers funeral, I suddenly got in touch with my repressed anger at my mother, also I felt the fear I had of her. The next day I really felt the anger and decided to not take anything of my mothers so I would not be reminded of her. Then suddenly I felt a feeling of deep nurturing and well-being and knew my mother would like for me to take anything I needed. It was a spiritual communication. The next day I had an argument with my mother as she explained why she hid all pictures of me and other matters. She said she had the right to make her home comfortable for her. Then a few days later, I again felt her spiritual presence in the kitchen of my home, where she said re. my anger that I should just get over it and that this was the last visit she would make to me because she had to move on. I know this was a real spiritual experience because I had one at approximately at age 7 and remembered the same feeling of deep nurturing and well being in spite of being in a bad situation. That experience is for another entry.    ",,U.S. citi,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,student,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2217,ME ,1083,23,,M,What I saw was factual pictures of the people I resented. It let me know that I did not know how to live. It broke thru the denial that I was fine. It opened my up to ask for help.    ,,U.S. Citi,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Enliste,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2218,DEE,1253,33,,F,"As I was praying, I felt a hand on my shoulder and heard a man say, Everythings going to be OK and simultaneously, my body was flooded with an incredibly warm sense of peace. It was like a big beam of sunshine blasted all the way to my inner core and the sunshine delivered peace. Its hard to explain but at the moment that the hand touched me and I was told that everything would be fine, I knew that everything really was going to be fine and my mind was INSTANTLY put at peace (and my body felt warm and safe). I opened my eyes to say thank you to the priest. Thats when I saw that THERE WAS NO ONE THERE. The priest was moving down the far end of the altar. There was a sunbeam coming through the stained glass window, but it wasnt some super nova strong enough to give me the warmth that I had felt. Also, I felt the hand on my should up until the second I opened my eyes. And the voice was a VOICE. I HEARD IT WITH MY EARS. It was not inside my head.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",maste,homemak,,separ,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2219,ME ,1207,12,,M,"when i was given the anesthetic (mask), i immediately was out of it. what i saw and experienced was other worldly. i heard a musical vibrating sound (like a tuning fork) and music that i had never heard before or since. it was very melodic and somehow familiar, but not from this world. and i saw a spinning light that would seem to dart off in a direction when i would feel pain (probably from the procedure). the experience was very strange. nothing that has ever happened to me before or since compares to it.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"50,000 99",colle,student,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2220,ME ,1322,24,,M,    ,,American,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2221,DEE,1264,70,,F,I did this previously in #8. What did I learn? I learned that I can be at peace with what is happening as I experience a myriad of physical changes in my body and the extreme loss of energy that I began experiencing one year ago. I learned that each moment is to be treasured and I can rest easy no matter what happens to my physical body.    ,,Citizen,1 2000,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,Ordaine,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
2222,NDE,1266,41,,F,    ,,I am a US,1 mill,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",post,Teacher,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2223,ME ,1545,62,,M,"I had just arrived at the hotel and decided to take a little nap, to rest after the driving. I left a lamp on, and lied on the bed, half turned to the right and fell asleep. It was a light and pleasant sleep and I awoke after about half an hour. As I opened my eyes, I saw a kind of steam or smoke rising from me. It was more like enveloping me, because as I was still half-turned to the right I saw it was rising from below the side of the bed. It was rising fast, as fast as steam does from a boiling pan of water, but more smoothly. I observed this and the next instant I became a little anxious, because I remembered that something like a haze rises sometimes from people who are dying. So I immediately breathed in and checked my body mentally, but I was fine. But by then I could not see the steam any more. I have to say that as I woke up I was very clear and knew exactly where I was, and when.    ",,Greek cit,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Biology,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,senior
2224,DEE,1264,70,,F,I did this previously in #8. What did I learn? I learned that I can be at peace with what is happening as I experience a myriad of physical changes in my body and the extreme loss of energy that I began experiencing one year ago. I learned that each moment is to be treasured and I can rest easy no matter what happens to my physical body.    ,,Citizen,1 2000,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,Ordaine,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
2225,ADC,1051,63,,M,"(See above). Three days after this experience, many of our extended family came to our house for support and to trade stories about Darrell. Before Darrells favorite niece, jessica, left for home, I told of the story of what had happened just after she had died. She went home and called me an hour later. She had just Googled the words the peace of God which passeth all understanding and found that it came from Pauls firts letter to the Phillipeans. There was a blog with entries from people who had commented about this phrase, basically how they had found so much comfort from them. The first blog was from someone named Darrell.    ",,US citize,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,Consult,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2226,OBE,1005,22,,M,Sorry...see above    ,,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Archite,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2227,ADC,1206,89,,F,Both myself and sister were in awe and knew it was moms way of telling us she was there with us. We were very close to mom and were devastated by her passing.    ,,Canadian,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2228,ME ,1507,20,,M,"After driving to my friends house after the concert we packed into his basement. No parents were home. Now at 12:30 at night I thought the effects of the mushrooms were wearing off. After staring at a spiral tapestry for a moment, I spun into a deep state of transcendence. I have had experience with psychedelics before in the past but never experienced anything close to what happened next. I sat in a circular cozy sofa and closed my eyes and my consciousness entered a dimension where it felt as if I had tapped into an eternal network of knowledge. Bursts of ideas regarding life and its wonders popped into my consciousness like bubbles, each identifying value which could not be explained by words very easily. An understanding of love was undeniable as it clearly is the adhesive force binding all of life. I understood that life requires a balance of the extremes and that death is nothing to fear but simply the critical point where our spirits transcend the physical realm. I could not see anything worth noting but the knowledge brought to my attention introduced me to the most profound spiritual presence I could ever ask to experience. This went o for roughly 5 hours as I would open my eyes occasionally and enter reality briefly only yo close them and dive back into the network.    ",,    Q.  Q,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,Student,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2229,ME ,1109,40,,F,I learned that there is no Cheryl. This physical life is an illusion.     ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Real Es,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2230,ADC,1378,29,,F,I observed my uncle sitting in a chair in our spare bedroom and communicating mind to mind about the place or current state he was communicating from. I was happy to see him but was unable to comprehend the message he was sending. I left knowing that his consciousness survived his death 7 months earlier. He was wearing an old white sweat shirt and tan pants that I remembered him wearing in the past. I learned that he was OK and in no pain or distress.    ,,USA citiz,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,College,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2231,NDE,1411,18,,F,"I remember very vividly everything, unlike most memories, this one has never faded. I found myself above my mom and the dog going up the stairs, though I didnt realize it until later, I thought Id just been following them. As she got to the phone, she yelled at the dog, because he was acting up, and made the call.  When she gave the wrong address to the dispatcher (who knew me well since I worked there), and then gave the right address, I could hear what the dispatcher was saying (Sherry? the one who works here? (mom: yes, we need you right away, shes not breathing and we dont know whats wrong Dispatcher: well be there right away, Im sending them out now.) My mom hung up the phone without saying goodbye. Shortly after that I was back in my body, my Dad had lifted me by the shoulders and it dislodged my tongue from my throat and allowed air in. When my mom came into the room I asked her why shed given them our address and the wrong address at that, and why shed yelled at the dog, he wasnt doing anything wrong. She looked at me shocked, and said shed not given the wrong address, and I said she did, then she remembered she had. While in the floating state, everything was just so vibrant, alive..even the air felt alive to me, like it was swirling around me, in an almost comforting way. But the colors, the sounds....they were...just incredible, I cant even come up with words that describe it, there are none.  I didnt hear music or anything, but it was more of a .... well, a sound like.......you know what a creek sounds like when the water moves smoothly over rocks, the soft rushing sound? It was similar to that. (yes another thing I have no description of, only the memory of the sound.) It was extremely soothing, peaceful, and the lights even seemed so much brighter, everything did.     ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Fire De,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2232,NDE,1281,38,,F,    ,,American,1 2000,agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Registe,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2233,OBE,1559,49,,M,"I think it was November 2014, I was doing my meditation and this time I focused on my concern about IS and asked why this is allowed to exist. I received instantly an answer. A thick blanket of love came over me from my feet to my head. This was symbolic and like an introduction for the next images. I was shown a large area. A kind of birds eye view was shown to me and a thick blanket of love was pulled over that area which was taken by IS. It became clear to me that this blanket of love was made by numerous souls who were concerned and sending their love. This love was enormous and the concern was like from a mother towards her children. It became clear to me that the love was there and it could heal if people wanted to. It was up to them (the IS-soldiers). Their (the IS-soldiers) decision, their free will, was the result of the mess and suffering. I was told to be not afraid. Never!    ",,Dutch nat,"50,000",spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Diploma,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2234,DEE,1101,54,,F,"In the evening on Friday, after seeing my mother, I went to a small party I promised I would attend. I left the party at 9:30 and came home. As I was getting ready to go to bed, the light was on in my room, and in the outside hallway. My husband was standing on the other side of the bed, and I was planning my day in my head about which florist I would buy the flowers from. Out of the blue- and this is very difficult to describe-there was a presence that looked like the jet stream that comes from a squid. It looked powdery, or liquid, or smokey and was black, and it shot past the door, which had reflected light on it from the hallway. At the very same instant, a voice said to me, you need to let go, your mother is going to die tonight. I was stunned and turned around and put my hands to my face. What was most amazing was the authority that I could hear, but there was no audible voice. The command and presence of this visitor inspired my respect, but I felt its compassion. I tried to understand if it was male or female, and have often thought it might be male, but young. The next morning at 7:00, the board and care contacted me. My mom had died during the night.     ",,U.S. Citi,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,avera,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Adminis,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All distressing,adult
2235,DEE,1317,54,,F,"Please see number 43 above. TO add to number 43 above: I heard nothing, but sometimes my dogs would perk up their ears at something.  I have learned that my husband in a different form, and his spiritual helpers, have been present with me during certain times when I have really needed his and their presence. I have learned through his presence through these forms of light that there is a wider realm of undying consciousness that is very beautiful and peaceful and full of love and light. I have asked, intended, that he include me in as much of this learning as possible so that I can better understand life on the other side of the veil, and so that I can be a better human being and can spread more love to the world. I have also learned that despite the horrendous pain and suffering he endured as a result of his cycling accident- he was alive for 13 days on all kinds of life support and conscious for much of this time, and paralyzed and unable to speak to me due to the intubation or trach tube- he is in a better place now and not suffering anymore, and yet he isnt really gone at all.    ",,I am a ci,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Ph.D,Univers,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2236,ME ,1549,56,,F,See answers above.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unity,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",docto,Mother,,divor,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2237,ME ,1109,40,,F,I learned that there is no Cheryl. This physical life is an illusion.     ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Real Es,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2238,DEE,1503,42,,M,I had decided to do the plant based medicine Ibogaine HCL from Africa at my home with two friends present who were helpers and care givers if required. After taking Ibogaine 18.5 milligrams I began to feel dizzy and went and laid in my bed. Lights were off and all windows were darkened. I was semi sat up in bed with eyes wide open the whole experience. Post two hrs I began seeing light of all colours pour through my ceiling and into my room. I felt at the last point my body being raised and a sense of lightness. About 30 mins after all color had stopped flowing into my room where everything became kinda pixelated. I could see energy like dust particles clearly and then I could see masses of energy which quickly became vivid people in spirit. I could continue to see spirits seven in all and spiders and a big bull frog up until dusk. This the ibogaine wore off and everyone slowly disappeared again. It was miraculous.    ,,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,week,moder,very st,"50,000 99",High,Retired,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2239,ADC,1094,53,,F,"I answered the door to Moms house, and she came in. Then Dad appeared behind her to come in. I said You cant be here, youre dead. He said he had to give me one more hug and let me know he was OK. Then he gave me the hug, told me not to worry about him, and left. He was happy smiling, relaxed. About two nights later almost the same dream, but this time he said he knew I was ok, and I should know he was Ok. I awoke with a feeling of complete calm. It may be terrible to say, but I am not upset about Dad being dead. He let me know that I will be ok and that dieing is not the end. I loved and greatly respected my father. He was 79, but in great shape had been golfing the Monday before he died. Died of heart attack after returning from filling Moms car up with gas. Found in seat of car by condo manager within minutes of parking. EMS directly across the road were there within about two minutes. The one man said Dad was in no pain. Peaceful look on his face. Now I know why.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Worked,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2240,OBE,1038,15,,F,"I heard nothing, I just knew that if I wanted too, I could float away. I thought at first it was a dream, but knew it was more than that. I looked at it as a sign. I was going to make it home safe.    ",,Citizen o,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,none,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2241,DEE,1163,58,,M,"I found myself floating in a dark void. I was not firghtened at all. It was very peaceful, but non the less very real. The longer I was there, I slowly became aware that there was something, someone, else very far away. I sensed that it was on my right. Ever so slowly, I sensed that I was getting closer and closer to it. I was not afraid. Then, at some point, I looked over to my right side, and remember saying very casually, OH...its you Just like I had known it forever, but hadnt seen it for awhile. I remember quite well, that I either speeded up my forward and sideways movement, or The Presence slowed down to the point when we merged togather and I was completely filled with the most Profound Living Love and Profound Living Peace. I realized immediately that I was being loved like I had never known possible. It was Total and Complete and Profoundly Pure! There were quite a few Profoundly Loving Souls there with and through me all at the same time. The experience was far more real than anything I could have ever imagined. I never wanted it to end.      ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Employm,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2242,ADC,1449,44,,F,"Re-telling that, is as real to me now as when it happened. I dont remember intact dreams like some people can. Never have been able to.    ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2243,NDE,1162,16,,F,I felt peaceful beyond peaceful. I saw beauty beyond beauty. I heard singing and music so exquisite that I can not describe them. That has been my problem-there are no words to describe.    ,,USA    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,none,,single,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
2244,DEE,1522,58,,F,"I felt tingling over my shoulders, neck and head and was aware that I had spiritual visitors, possibly three, there was some low level noise/speech that I couldnt decifer. I felt honoured that they had come to visit me, and I raised my head and looked up toward the ceiling a thin, lustrous, moving gold sheet was being moved above me from behind me towards the front of me, and pieces of gold dust were falling from the gold sheet onto me and the bed linen. I looked towards the beds on the other side of the room, and all was as it was before patients and their visitors talking, nursing staff in attendance. I was awake and lucid, and I thought to myself I will survive this (cancer experience and its treatment).    ",,Australia,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,Securit,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2245,SDE,1277,62,,F,"I was attending a morning funeral of my Bible Study leader, a very kind man named David C., on Saturday, March 15, 2008 at the Trinity Episcopal Church in New York. The large church was packed, as David was much beloved. He was a top executive at Citibank and many co-workers were there. David was a fairly young man at 50 when he passed suddenly of a massive heart attack while he was working out before work at his local gym. While sitting in the church listening to Davids eulogies, his beloved friend and pastor (forgot his name) got up to speak at the front of the church, with Davids coffin near him. I suddenly looked up and midway between the peoples heads and the high ceiling, I saw something that looked different. It was air. Normally, you do not see air but I saw an oval-shaped, contained body of wavy air about 6-7 feet long, hovering near the front of the church where the people were sitting. The wavy air didnt move from its position. It didnt go up or down or right or left. I didnt hear anything, taste anything or touch anything while looking at this image. I just saw it. I didnt feel anything in particular. I just stared at it, without feeling, which is how I usually react when Im witnessing a miracle or something spiritual from God. At some point I stopped looking at it, probably when the funeral was over. In the next day or two I thought about the contained body of wavy air and then I knew that was Davids spirit or soul watching his own funeral, wanting to be there with his beloved wife, sons, family, friends and co-workers. I sent an email to everyone I knew at the funeral to tell them that Davids soul was present with us at his funeral. I hand wrote a note to Davids widow, Cathy, to tell her that David was with her and their sons at his funeral. No one responded to my mail. What the viewing of the wavy air told me was that the Soul and/or Spirit is real. I saw it with my own eyes. Also, that we humans dont really die, we pass on. Yes, our bodies die but our souls are then released and return back into Eternity with God. I like to tell as many people as I can the comforting news that we dont really die, we pass on. And that the Soul, Spirit is real and returns to God when we pass. Some people express comfort to me when I tell them. Some people just stare at me. I feel my job is to just tell people the good news of what I experience spiritually. Whether they believe me or not is up to them. I dont try to convince them that what Im saying is true. I just tell them for them to do with whatever they like.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2246,ME ,1508,49,,M,we were sitting down in my dining room enjoying a BBQ steak dinner when my mother appeared to Stephen holding some objects that only I knew about chiefly a ball of white yarn a knitted baby dress  trimmed in  purple and knitting needles. He never knew  she knitted much less NEVER met her before she died. I started cryingand shaking because I knew it to be true the baby dresses she knitted and gave aways as gifts  for christening the babies    ,,landed,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Fed gov,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2247,ME ,1015,48,,M,I felt the utmost gratitude and humility when caring for my beloved father during his final weeks. The peace which I have carried with me from this experience remains.    ,,Australia,1 mill,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",High,self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2248,ME ,1496,28,,M,"In the dream, I was sitting looking into a room through a scrim of some sort so I could see but not be seen. Next to me was my wife at the time. Everything was suffused with a gold light and in the room ahead I could see a body lying on a bier. My wife said, Look, youre dead. I said, No, Im just sleeping. There seemed to be no contradiction at the time to being the observer of my body in the other room. She said, Look at the people. Indeed, there were people walking by the bier and I could see by their faces they were there paying their last respects. It struck me then that I had indeed died. I was almost immediately filled with enormous pain, sorrow and regret. I had all kinds of things I still planned to do. If I were to die there were people I wanted to say goodbye to but the time had passed. I could not go back or speak to any of the people in the other room in any way they could understand. The pain and regret lasted perhaps 20 minutes (in dream time) and my companion waited patiently until I was ready to move on. During those 20 minutes all the prior things that had seemed so important just faded away. I was now on a new and different journey where nothing of my previous life was important or relevant any more. I was not ready to move on, but I awoke with all Id seen. The dream is still vivid and relevant to me.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,mechani,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2249,DEE,1356,19,,M,"When this communication and intense physical experience came to me I chose to leave the room where a group of about two hundred people were gathered so I could go through the event alone. It was so foreign to my experience that I had no concept of what might happen next and whatever it might be I preferred to have the experience away from, shall we say, prying eyes.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2250,DEE,1490,48,,F,"Then, I saw a door that opened very slightly. Through that gap of the door I saw the light, such bright wonderful light behind the door. The light spoke to me but did not use words. I wrapped me up in a feeling of love and acceptance. It told me without words that I should not fear, not be afraid, that I was loved and accepted and forgiven. I so much wanted to see more of that light, to see more, but the light told me without words that if the gap would just open more, it would be too much for a human being. It made me understand that we humans cannot grasp the full meaning of the light, not in our human condition, but that we would become ONE with the light when our time comes and there would be joy and love. So now know. I try to share that knowledge of love and joy and the fact that there is nothing to fear. But I cannot find the right words to transmit this immense feeling.    ",,German,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,avera,littl,"0 24,999",maste,High sc,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2251,SDE,1400,63,,F,"At about 0330, I dreamed I was in his ICU room just as it was, and he suddenly sat up in bed. I ran to the bedside fearing that he would dislodge tubes, when the patient stated  Dont worry about me. Ill be OK. I woke up and had this overwhelming feeling that he would survive this illness. The next day, I got report from the night nurse and discovered that he was out of the unstable cardiac rhythm. He had converted out of it at about 0330. After his rhythm stablized, his blood pressure continued to improve as did his other symptoms of septic shock.    ",,US citize,"50,000",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,very st,"50,000 99",some,registe,,divor,divor,No,moderately str,All pleasant,senior
2252,ADC,1216,42,,F,n/a    ,,Natural b,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"0 24,999",High,stay at,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2253,ADC,1153,44,,F,"My best friend passed into Spirit on May 15, 2004 at the age of 45, after a 10 year battle with HER-2 Breast Cancer. We had spent 40 years weaving the fabric of our lives together in a dance that was just magical. Ours is a long story of love and friendship. It is hard to relay in a few words the significance of this miracle,but I will try.  Two years ago Karen started having massive headaches and was feeling weird. We were headed off to a healing weekend in New York State and having a grand time. It was just the two of us tooling around in the car and laughing and enjoying each others company. At one point, she became very serious and told me she thought her chemotherapy may be causing these symptoms. She was struggling as to whether or not to go off the chemo and just let God do His work. I told her this was a huge decision and one not to be taken lightly. I am a big believer in asking God to give us a sign when we need an answer to an important or not so important question. Because this was a VERY important question, I told her she needed to ask for a sign that would be unquestionable! Something so unusual that it could only be from God. I then said, How about if we see a green donkey? Then you can go off chemotherapy. She giggled and said, That sounds great. The rest of the weekend we searched for a green donkey. We found yellow pigs, purple cows, red dogs and even a green horse.How we tried to rationalize that a horse is almost a donkey. But we knew it had to be a Green Donkey. We even spent the next afternoon in Woodstock, NY going through every store but never found a green donkey. A week later the headaches continued and she went for an MRI. Her father also passed away from Alzheimers this same week. On the morning of his funeral, she received a phone call from her oncologist telling her the cancer had spread to her brain. She went through the whole day, a huge funeral, and never told a soul except her husband what she had found out that morning. She had courage beyond human strength. She made it through brain surgery and massive radiation and lived two more years. She passed on May 15, 2004 surrounded by her whole family. What follows is what I said at her memorial service (which 700 people attended). Notice the part about the green donkey toward the end. I have had the pleasure of knowing Karen for over 40 years and calling her one of my best and dearest friends. But I know I am just one of countless best friends that Karen had...there was something about her that just made you want to be close to her and know her better. To Karens family...she was a mom, a wife, a sister, a daughter, and a cousin, but for the vast majority of us here today, she was our friend. A friend of the truest sense and one that was there for each of us no matter what was going on in her life. Remarkable, selfless, trustworthy, sincere, kind, compassionate, spiritual, and beautiful are words that can only begin to describe Karen. Besides being a friend,Karen was a teacher. She taught me more about strength and courage than I ever wanted to know. When my son deployed to Afghanistan last Oct, she came to me one day like an angel sent from God. She held me, cried with me and instilled in me The Power of Now. This gave me strength that I did not know I had. If I can take one tenth of her strength and live the rest of my life, then I will be happy. I will miss her human presence more than I can even imagine at this time... her spirit while she was on this Earth was immeasurable. What I look forward to from this day on is how she will guide, love, and watch over each of us in her new found strength in SPIRIT. And so I say to you my dear Karen, Godspeed to you on this new journey you have undertaken. I know Daddy was holding your green donkey and that now you know all the Divine Order that is so hard for us to understand here on Earth. I giggle at the thought of our next life together and I ask you Sister Karen to hold down the abbey until I get there. When I returned home from her service that evening, there was a message on my answering machine from my son, who was in Afghanistan, serving in the US Army. He had never, ever called on a weeknight since he had deployed, until that night. This in and of itself spoke volumes to me. I was sad I had missed his call, but I knew he was OK and surely sending me some love from afar, even though he did not know of Karens death yet. Karen had given me extreme comfort and support while she was alive in regards to his deployment and no matter what was going on in her life, she always asked how my son was doing. That same night, the phone rang again around 2:30 AM and it was my son. What a joy to hear his voice! We spoke for about 20 minutes and during the conversation he mentioned that his best buddy and teammate had put new pictures up on a website ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",colle,At the,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2254,ADC,1292,41,,F,"I saw only my father with nothing surrounding him but a color I cannot describe. At first, I felt nothing just surprise. Idont know if he was sitting, standing because I only saw him from the waist up. He was 63 when he died but he didnt look 63 nor did he look young. He looked ageless and his skin looked illuminated.He had the most beautiful color, I cant explain it. I had never seen his face so peaceful and happy. He was looking directly at me and said dont worry about me, Ive never been happier and then faded out.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,nationa,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2255,ME ,1195,60,,F,"It was an experience that lasted, perhaps 4 or 5 seconds, that parallels Dr. Alexanders description of his experience in his coma. I was in what I believe was the thin space between awakening and perhaps dreaming (or perhaps oxygen deprivation through Apnea or astral travel?) when I became conscious of the feeling of experiencing everything in the Universe all at once. (My best description of the event.) It was delightful and happy and amazing and as I became conscious, I tried to go back to sleep so that I could enjoy more of this. However, I knew without a doubt, that it was not a dream, that it was nothing I had ever experienced before, that it was unexplainable, and I was in the middle of it.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Busines,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2256,ADC,1196,58,,F,"I felt exhilarated to see her! I felt sad to leave her. I was aware of the joyousness of the space I was in. I felt it was a treat and for some reason, I was given this gift. I knew it was not a dream, but an experience. I didnt understand (and still dont know) how this could be, other than my spirit traveled to where she was. She did not come to me. I went to her. Ive had two visits from my deceased father and in those events, he came to me. This was different.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Busines,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2257,ADC,1055,48,,F,"All of the ADCs I experienced gave me comfort because I knew it was my mother. She could not speak to me before her passing, only I could speak to her which I did. So I knew that she wanted to let me know she was okay. We were very close as many mothers and daughters are, and I knew she was sending her love.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",docto,Doctor,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2258,DEE,1393,16,,F,"It was pure feeling, I didnt hear or see anything this feeling wrapped right around me like I was beng held, it vibrated through my whole body from feet to head and I felt it with every single cell of my body, then the words filled my core, like I was a stick of rock, they seemed to come vertically through me I could see them and feel them you are special it felt like if you cut me open you would see those words etched onto my insides, the words were huge and I could feel them, I could feel their meaning so powerfully, words fall short of describing it.    ",,Britush,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Child a,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2259,ADC,1562,35,,M,"Some days later of that incident I was aline in the kitchen. I was very disturbed and I was crying. I was alone. And with the eyes of mY maind I saw my parents coming to me. Right in front. Both of them. And they said you are our daugther, please forgive your brother they arr as floting and I cant see their foot.    ",,Costarica,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2260,ME ,1406,55,,M,"  In 1954 I was born in Astoria Queens, NYC and brought up in the Diocese of Brooklyn. I attended Our Lady of Mount Carmel School and Church. My family moved to Northern New Jersey and I finished my Catholic School in Immaculate Conception in Franklin NJ Diocese of Patterson. To my parents credit one can see where the foundation of my Catholic Faith was formed. I was dragged to church. Didn\xe2\x80\x99t want to be there so eventually when I was old enough I left. I lived a very sinful life. One can only imagine where I was but I was not with God. I joined the Navy and began to become an adult and my world did not include God. Things happened to me that in retrospect God must have chose me for better things because my Guardian Angle was very busy.  I met Protestants, while in the Navy. These people were FIRED UP FOR THE LORD. They were obnoxious thumping their Bibles. I didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand them. Finally in 1975 I associated with them enough that in Key West Baptist Church I accepted Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior. The evil one still had a hold on me and I soon returned to my secular and sinful way of life. As we headed east for Desert Storm in 1990 there were definately more Christians than I have ever seen on an Aircraft Carrier before in my life. History is what it is with that war. Prayer works. Never doubt it.   I did get married to Paula in 1982 in St. Monica\xe2\x80\x99s Church in Sussex NJ. We had a good life as a Navy couple. We attended Mass sometimes mostly non-denominational services. For some reason I developed an attitude toward the Catholic Church.  I retired from the Navy in 1999 and by 2003 we found ourselves in Warrenton VA attending the Warrenton Presbyterian Church. Make no mistake the Pastor and congregation of Warrenton Presbyterian are blessed people. I had attended a Methodist Church for a couple of years, while living in NY so going to church now in my life became a necessary event. But I still was not dedicated to it. I had a Protestant perspective on forgiveness, which is what the Bible says happens if we repent; That is what I was taught by Protestants, however it still is not the teaching of the Catholic Church.  Life was good life was bad. I had some financial difficulties with other obstacles in life and I earnestly prayed to God that he help me get my life in order. Paula and I by the grace of Divine Providence found St. John the Evangelist church in Warrenton VA about 2006. It reminded us of our old time Catholic up bringing and we both felt like re returned home. We stayed.   Now in 2012 at age 57 I\xe2\x80\x99m going to back track. At age 54 or 55 I attended Mass during Easter. Father Cozy discussed the Divine Mercy Chaplet and Saint Faustina. I thought it was interesting that all one had to do was say this chaplet for salvation. Fr. Cozy had planted one of the larger mustard seeds of faith in me, no doubt. As a government contractor my customer was the Navy. I was able to walk the walk and talk the talk with Sailors so I excelled at my job (at least I thought I did). It wasn\xe2\x80\x99t until I was age 55 that I bought my copy of St. Faustina\xe2\x80\x99s diary. I had to ride two large deck helicopter and aircraft carriers in a month\xe2\x80\x99s time so my travel to west coast gave me plenty of time to read the diary. I read through St. Faustina\xe2\x80\x99s diary like a novel. I eventually realized this was a 20th Century Saint talking directly to me. She was talking directly to me! Through Providence I started saying one Hail Mary a day also eventually this lead up to a full Rosary. I guess the door with no doorknob on my heart was being opened to Jesus. Things started to happen. While on one of the ships I shared a stateroom with two Harrier Pilots. They were both Catholic and noticed what I was reading. We shared some fellowship. I finished the Diary and it was like there was a bonus CD in the back of the book. The bonus was St. Faustina stayed with me. I\xe2\x80\x99m not going to say apparition in this essay, but I will say \xe2\x80\x9cheightened spiritual awareness.\xe2\x80\x9d I had this sense Sister was with me. I attended my first Divine Mercy Service that Easter and completed the novena prior to that. I was able to venerate and kiss a first class relic of St. Faustina during the service a woman had and shared with us all. It was about this time in May that I was coming home form work. I pulled in my driveway and was gathering my wits when in my interior voice. The interior voice! In my interior voice from nowhere I heard a woman\xe2\x80\x99s voice say thank you. The voice was so beautiful and melodic. It could only be associated with Our Blessed Mother. I paused and took it in. Hopefully I said a prayer. I don\xe2\x80\x99t remember but I probably did. Within weeks something else happened. My commute to wor",,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,dail,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2261,NDE,1237,35,,M,see #43    ,,US    Q.,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,social,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2262,ME ,1034,35,,F,"Im not sure what happened. It wasnt a voice or a feeling. I just knew I had to stop living the way I was and I was not even sure why but it was so overwhelming that I could not avoid that one truth on that day. It came up inside of me and told me to stop. I knew that it was not my idea and I also knew I had to obey but that I would be ok. I was not scared and I did not know what to do. I found my way to a local DSS office, never having been to one before and lay on the floor in full withdrawal and asked for help. I was given a bus schedule to a rehab and found my way to it. I have been sober ever since by following spiritual priciples of my 12 step group.    ",,American,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",Some,Chef,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2263,ME ,1496,28,,M,"In the dream, I was sitting looking into a room through a scrim of some sort so I could see but not be seen. Next to me was my wife at the time. Everything was suffused with a gold light and in the room ahead I could see a body lying on a bier. My wife said, Look, youre dead. I said, No, Im just sleeping. There seemed to be no contradiction at the time to being the observer of my body in the other room. She said, Look at the people. Indeed, there were people walking by the bier and I could see by their faces they were there paying their last respects. It struck me then that I had indeed died. I was almost immediately filled with enormous pain, sorrow and regret. I had all kinds of things I still planned to do. If I were to die there were people I wanted to say goodbye to but the time had passed. I could not go back or speak to any of the people in the other room in any way they could understand. The pain and regret lasted perhaps 20 minutes (in dream time) and my companion waited patiently until I was ready to move on. During those 20 minutes all the prior things that had seemed so important just faded away. I was now on a new and different journey where nothing of my previous life was important or relevant any more. I was not ready to move on, but I awoke with all Id seen. The dream is still vivid and relevant to me.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,mechani,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2264,DEE,1042,27,,F,"observered a divine entity not of this world while awake. I felt awe, protection. I heard a voice from her, but not from her lips. She was giving me a choice meaning There was a way out of this situation. She scared me, but I knew that it was good for me. I had to leave this place for everybodies best good. She would be leading me, along with other guardians. She was one of me.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,working,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2265,DEE,1528,38,,M,"I was leaning in the doorway smoking. listening to music on my I pod. I was in a very sombre mood (feeling sorry for myself) I remember asking for help. There was a line in the song I was listening to about opening my eyes I suddenly began to notice my posture as slouched but I was being drawn up to standing straight, my shoulders were being drawn back and my head back. I just felt a huge power running through me, drawing me up (im quite tall but my head was now pressing against the upper doorframe) I felt strong for the first time in months , like I was being lifted up. my head was being tilted back and upward to the sky. I could see (or more accurately sense) eyes and a smile in the dark rain clouds in front of me. I can remember being aware (it was also in the song I was listening to) that I should open my eyes. All the while this was going on I had this huge energy holding me bolt upright urging me to look at the sky, I can remember feeling so peaceful yet so powerful at the same time. it felt like I was being lifted up. The face in the cloud faded and I literally fell to my knees in thanks (dropping my cigarette) I started to feel fear and this was instantly taken away by what I describe as a divine sense of humor, that told me not to worry about the cigarette getting wet and that it was funny that I had dropped it.(laughing with me not at me) I got up (after some time) and was just full of adrenaline I was shaking but happy.    ",,British N,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Dietiti,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2266,ADC,1376,48,,F,"I walked into my house. I still had the door open and I felt a presence behind the door. It was a little unnerving (I had often in my childhood felt unseen presences which frightened me). However this time I stopped and stood still, listening. The information I received was on a knowing level that the presence I felt was my father. He stood very quiet, not intrusive. I felt supported, like he was saying I will be here to help you and Jeremy through. I was pretty distraught most of the time, but his presence was like an anchor. His being there told me there was life after life and where he was was where my son was going also. So that was comforting.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,graphic,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2267,ME ,1073,46,,M,As described above    ,,US Citize,1 mill,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",Did not,Both be,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2268,OBE,1002,32,,M,"Once I blacked out I saw myself from behind. I physically was standing behind myself. I felt whole and yet completely detached form my body, completely aware of what was happening. I saw my friend shaking me, call out to his wife and could see her in the kitchen which I could not have done from the vantage of sitting on the sofa. I felt whole but less substance, hard to explain but teh only way I can explain, like I was whole but did not feel the weight of me or my body. When I came back to my body and woke up i experience a loud pop and then my eyes opened and I took in a large gasp of air, got up and felt ok more or less minus the soreness from coughing. No headache nothing    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Prefer no,Unity,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",maste,non pro,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2269,DEE,1001,12,,,"I looked behind me to thank the young boy but he was not there. He simply vanished. When I caught up with my friends I asked them if they had seen a young boy and they said no. I assume the young boy was a guardian angel who interevened to save my life. If the snake had bitten me, I would have been dead within 20 minutes. Coral snakes are among the most deadly and venomous in the world.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,,,,,never,never,none,none,"0 24,999",maste,student,,single,marri,,none,,youth
2270,OBE,1443,25,,F,"When I was in my 20s, I had a number of out of body experiences where I would find myself in a different location than my body. (was not on drugs or attempting OBE, did not know much about it and still dont) What was significant to me was the experience of seeing without eyes and hearing without ears. That is the best way I could describe it. Experience was hyper real Was able to confirm once with a sister-in-law, that while my body was not present, I was with her and accurately observing her. Leaving an OBE felt like my body fit like a glove that was too tight. Was no emotional physical trauma going on at the time. Have not had these experiences since then. Of note, I have always been a lucid dreamer am aware I am dreaming while I am asleep and can consciously influence what is going on in dreams I enjoy flying, changing locations with a thought and walking through walls. Also of note have always felt unconditionally loved its just kind of who I am. Feels like something I carry with me no matter the circumstances.    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,nurse,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2271,DEE,1028,19,,F,"I was visiting a Bahai temple that was completely white without adornment. I approached what appeared to be a window but when I stood in front of the window of the temple which was very large and arched and without glass or panes, the space beyond the window was a turquoise blue light that radiated life, energy, and unconditional love. I was so transfixed by the experience that I could not move. The communication about the love was powerful and washed over me like a torrent. I was reduced to nothingness...I understood that my decision to become a Bahai was part of the reason I was having this expereince. Gradually the light faded away and I was brought back to the physical reality of the temple and the presence of my mother. She was remarking on the beauty of the archictecture of the building and I understood that she would not likely be able to experience what I had just experienced. I have been a Bahai now for 23 years and this fact has been consistent.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,religious,religious,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2272,ADC,1304,56,,F,"I saw my father as I had last saw him when he was feeling well before he had cancer. I felt overjoyed to see him and began to run toward him to hug him. He smiled at me with understanding and compassion. He did not visibly speak, but I could hear him speaking to me. He told me I could not hug him yet, but he wanted to let me know he understood and I was forgiven. (I had been feeling guilty for a long time that I had not spoken with him honestly about his illness and impending death because we had always been very close.).    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Medical,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2273,DEE,1425,33,,M,"I awake to nothing. No body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space: no near, no far, no light or dark. No heat, no cold. No emotion: no joy, no fear. Just calm awareness in a gray void. A moment / eternity passes. Light! A brilliant sun! And with it, darkness: the fullness of empty space. A small human figure stands in silhouette. My consciousness shifts. I become the figure; a human body standing in space before a radiant globe. I feel! I am bathed in intense light and heat; light and heat so intense that if I were in a physical form I would be vaporized. I am engulfed by boundless, infinite energy; overwhelming energy. Another shift in perception: energy becomes love. Energy and love are the same. Energy is love. I am embraced and cradled: infolded by a boundless field of energy/love, love which is personal yet vast beyond comprehension. I am seen; seen through. The barriers and masks that we construct to present an idealized persona to the world are blown away. Though the experience is veiled to me I perceive that my life in its naked reality is being lived and fully comprehended by a conscious presence. There is no judgment. My being with all its shortcomings, failures, and rough edges is unconditionally accepted, loved, and cherished. I become aware that what had first appeared like a sun is un-like anything from ordinary reality. I am in the presence of a radiant, fluid luminosity. An amalgam of water and light is the best approximation I can think of. The sense of being before a conscious presence intensifies. My mind buzzes with the desire to hold It, to explain and contain It with my thought. The more I grasp, however, the more It slips away. It cannot be grasped or named. I give up, let go, and allow myself to simply rest with It. With this shift from desire/grasping to acceptance I am permeated by light. In a blaze, the dark husk of my body flakes away. I become light. I am one with the light. I am the light, a fluid, radiant luminosity. I have no body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space. I am calm awareness in a radiantly luminous field of joyfully dancing light. A moment / eternity passes. I find myself with a luminous body. A thought is expressed without words: approach your live with joy and gratitude; compassion and acceptance. A cosmic chuckle: clear-eyed and hard-nosed. I am laughed at/with. \xe2\x80\x9cDon\xe2\x80\x99t take your self so seriously\xe2\x80\x9d rings in my mind. As I turn from the light a frigorific presence rushes from behind and past my left ear. It is a transparent nothingness consuming all energy in its path. It radiates a cold animus and an implacable will to be separate; to differentiate. As it rushes past an iron darkness warps around me. It fuses to me and I become dark and solid. I awake to an ordinary day.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,Archite,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2274,ME ,1419,39,,M,    ,,Just a ci,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,never,seldom,avera,littl,"100,000+",maste,Manager,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2275,DEE,1368,41,,F,I had just settled into bed for approx. 15 minutes. My eyes were closed but I was awake. I saw a circle of bright light in the air. There was a male figure behind the light but I do not know who. The light started to dance in a circle. I watched in amazement yet my eyes were still closed. The circle of light began to move. This was my confirmation that I was awake and not dreaming or imagining as my mind went right into I wonder where it is going to go. I was anxious to see where the dancing circle of bright light was moving to. I watched intently. The light moved through my hand that was resting on my husbands stomach/chest and entered into my husband. I was awestruck and began to weep tears of (joy) for a lack of term. I did not tell my husband what I had experienced. The next day we had a scheduled appointment with a marriage counselor. The counselor started as always with Gene how do you feel. His answer confirmed what I had saw the night before. Gene ALWAYS would answer with fine or good. This time is answer was I feel more spiritual. My jaw dropped and I then explained to the counselor and my husband what had happened the night before.    ,,U.S. Citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2276,ME ,1207,12,,M,"when i was given the anesthetic (mask), i immediately was out of it. what i saw and experienced was other worldly. i heard a musical vibrating sound (like a tuning fork) and music that i had never heard before or since. it was very melodic and somehow familiar, but not from this world. and i saw a spinning light that would seem to dart off in a direction when i would feel pain (probably from the procedure). the experience was very strange. nothing that has ever happened to me before or since compares to it.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"50,000 99",colle,student,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2277,ME ,1506,44,,F,"I was able to see all my chakras in my meditation..vivid colour red, orange, golden yellow and beautiful green and pink for the heart. I was unable to draw this ecstatic energy to my throat. The explosion of ecstasy or it felt like an orgasm was when it opened up from my heart center. There was no sound or smell but I saw the vast universe and it was filled with Unconditonal LOVE. Love that I have never felt so intensely before in my life.    ",,Landed im,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,YOga te,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2278,NDA,1423,12,,M,Very timeless. Floating and very pleasant. Not much life experience at that time because I was twelve. Saw a very bright light and floated toward the light through a very dark tunnel... Began later to descend and my body rotated so that I was laying with my back on the ceiling of the hospital room and was looking down at myself in the bed with my grandmother sitting there next to me.    ,,American,"100,00",religious,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,NA    Q,,single,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,youth
2279,ADC,1185,45,,F,"To continue, after I went back to sleep, I had a dream which I consider an after death communication as it was very powerful to me anyway. In my dream, the brother of my loved one who died in May 2012 came to me in my dream. The brother of my loved one is also deceased and he died in 2003. In the dream it was just my loved ones brother and me. In the dream, I asked him, Wheres Bob? The brother said, What you want is overwhelming for him. We just looked at each other for a moment after that. In the dream, I felt a little confused. But I reached to hug my loved ones brother and said, Hugging you is like hugging Bob. Then we hugged and after that he dissapeared and the dream was over.  After I woke up, I remembered the dream very clearly. But, just like I was confused in the dream, I was confused when I first woke up. I thought to myself, What does he mean that what I want is overwhelming for Bob? Then I remembered that I had asked for the sign in the form of a particular song. I was stunned.  It was like my loved one sent his brother to tell me he couldnt give me that particular sign because it was too overwhelming. And to this day, though I have received many signs from my loved one, I never have heard this song playing anywhere! I guess it really is overwhelming! Anyway, it was so amazing to get that kind of answer so quickly. I truly feel I was having 2 way communication with the spirit of my loved ones brother.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Researc,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2280,DEE,1090,24,,M,"A friend of mine, Gary, a co-worker at Babcocks, was trying to convince me of the reality of Spiritualism for several weeks or months prior. I was drowzing in the break room when afterward I recalled hearing a gentle male voice very much like that of a radio announcer explain to me that I needed to spend time with my oldest son, two at the time, due to his three month absence.    ",,I am a Un,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,I was a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2281,ADC,1365,36,,F,"I felt shocked that Mr. S. handed me the exact poem that my mother had read 7000 miles away just two hours before. I wanted to have a copy of the poem and asked my mother, forgetting to remind her to send it at end of conversation. I believed it was more than a coincidence, it was a message from my uncle, and that his consciousness in some way continued.    ",,Irish,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,undec,very st,"100,000+",colle,Adminis,,single,marri,Yes,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2282,ME ,1564,17,,F,"At the moment I stopped, there was a terrific CRACK! and lightning struck the house. The phone next to the doorway rang, and a flash of light leapt across the doorway and struck the metal latch plate. I was only inches from this flash of light and would have been in its path if I hadnt stopped the instant I did. But I had no idea why I stopped. There was no conscious decision on my part. I just stopped! Then Ka-pow! I stood there astonished for a few moments, and there came Dad down the hall in his bathrobe, asking if everything was okay. I said I was alright but I thought the phone had been fried. He picked up the receiver and said it was dead. I never knew if I would have been seriously harmed by that blast of electrons, but I felt some entity had protected me. That experience made me question how autonomous I really am and how much may be going on behind the scenes that Im not aware of. At the time, it didnt occur to me that at the soul level I may be on different wavelengths of time/perception/etc.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I was s,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2283,ME ,1212,51,,F,"Two of my dear friends and I were in a trio during the practicum of our masters program. For this exercise, I was the client, my friend was the therapist,and another friend was a neutral observer. I was determined to get answers from Steve and absolutely refused to make anything up! In a Gestalt, you invite another person (who is not physically present) to sit in a chair across from you and talk to them. When youve said whatever you want to say, you trade chairs, sitting in the guests chair and wait to see what they say back to you (through you). I told Steve about all my regrets regarding him and my mothering of him. I poured out my heart and asked his forgiveness. When I moved into (his) chair, I just waited, determined to really hear from Steve or hear nothing at all. All of a sudden I felt this huge whoosh of energy coming from the upper right and landing on me. I could sense Steves effort to reduce his energy down to match mine. He said, in great excitement, (and this sounded exactly like Steve who loved mechanical things and physics and was a dare-devil) Mom! Youll never guess what Im getting to do up here! (It was said with such excitement. It was obvious he was in heaven! Finally he quieted and said, Mom, all the things I did to hurt you and all the things you did to hurt me are just stuff that happens on earth. Now were free to just love each other. A minute later he left.    ",,US citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2284,ADC,1562,35,,M,"Some days later of that incident I was aline in the kitchen. I was very disturbed and I was crying. I was alone. And with the eyes of mY maind I saw my parents coming to me. Right in front. Both of them. And they said you are our daugther, please forgive your brother they arr as floting and I cant see their foot.    ",,Costarica,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2285,ME ,1419,39,,M,    ,,Just a ci,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,never,seldom,avera,littl,"100,000+",maste,Manager,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2286,DEE,1557,45,,F,See question 8 answer.    ,,U.S.    Q,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Co-owne,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2287,ME ,1219,5,,M,"A small room in the basement of my parents friends house in the suburbs of LaPorte, IN. My parents friends 5 year old son went downstairs to the basement to play and I followed him. He went into a small room and I followed him. The rights side of the room was filled with clouds or dense fog with bright beaming lights. My friend then went into the fog and disappeared. He told me he would be right back. I tried to follow him but was held back by an invisible force. I heard animal sounds, like horses an elephants. I waited basically frozen, then he reappeared and walked out of the clouds and we exited the room.    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,moder,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2288,NDA,1446,52,,M,"When I left my body I yelled out that I was sorry if I had hurt anyone in anyway while I was visiting Earth...apparently I yelled it out with so much conviction and emotion that I startled everyone around me...and He happened to be standing right over there...and He came over to where I was to see what all the commotion was all about...I didnt know who He was but I jumped in front of Him and began running my mouth...saying that I had just gotten out of prison, had cancer and was getting a big government check every month and that Id never have to work again and that I wasnt ready to die...I wanted to go back and have some fun...I got them all laughing at me...I got Jesus laughing at me...it was then that He reached out and touched me and instantaneously healed me of my cancer and sent me back to my body....I was told that I would live for another 26 years...that no one in the medical community would be able to explain how it was that I was still living...    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,dail,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,convict,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2289,OBE,1521,43,,F,"I had a two part experience with this series. I had an OBE with the first and fourth meditation. In the first meditation I experienced a dropping down into my heart. Once that happened, I felt myself leave my physical body. I found myself in the rings of Saturn. I observed this area for a bit. I could feel something like wind and could hear the planet rotating. I watched as rocky material went by. I say watched, but it wasnt like watching with your eyes. I felt like I was going in a circular motion and felt like I was standing, but not really standing. I shifted my consciousness to look down because I felt like I had moved from the rings to somewhere else. I found my consciousness in the middle of the DNA helix. It seems like I stayed there for quite awhile and could feel a sense of awe. I felt in awe throughout this whole experience. I then found myself sort of floating in what felt and looked like darkness, but not scary darkness more like space darkness. I became aware of a shape, but it was on a mammoth scale. There is nothing that I can even compare it to. It felt like God, OM, greatness. I was then in the middle of what seemed like what would be comparable to the bloodstream. I was moving very fast and saw lots of red around me. This shifted from the bloodstream to the galaxies, other planets, humans, animals, trees, everything. I felt like I was being shown that everything is connected and on an even larger scale, we make (everything) actually makes up God/OM. We are the heart, everything is about the heart. In the 4th mediation I had a similar, but different experience. I dropped down into my heart again, but I stayed there for a bit. I had the sensation that I was laying on my left side. I could hear a muffled heart beat. Not a perfect beat and it sounded as if it may even be skipping beats, but so comforting. I became aware of the feeling of warm fluid all around me and inside my nose, lungs, mouth. I could see my right hand, but it was very tiny and very pink. It was mostly dark, but a little bit of white light was around the edges of this space. I felt as if this was me and I was in my mothers womb. I remember feeling the most comforted I ever have. It was so comforting, but also very confining, but not in a bad way. From there, I felt like I was in a white light spiral. The spiral shot the purest white light through my heart and out of the crown of my head-simultaneously. My consciousness catapulted out of my chest, but also through my head. Up, straight up and fast, but completely enveloped with white light and love. I felt like there were beings that were moving with me, supporting me, but they had no physical characteristics. They were pure light.    ",,American,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Yoga st,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2290,DEE,1441,31,,F,see above.    ,,us    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",colle,embroid,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2291,ADC,1053,38,,F,"I observed a small native man in his 40s, short hair in a dark blue sleeping bag in my kitchen. I heard my uncle Buds voice and began to fly upwards to the ceiling I felt that if I wanted to, I could go with him, but I didnt know where we were going.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,worked,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2292,DEE,1318,44,,F,I have a website that tells my entire story at http://www.starfish-story.com/    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Junio,Compute,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2293,NDE,1487,30,,M,    ,,  Colombi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,  fine,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2294,ME ,1489,56,,M," By about nine p.m. I noticed that I was hearing songs in a way I never had before. I seemed to be entering more deeply than usual into the mind of the writer and understanding what was being emotionally conveyed. So I kept listening. I felt the sorrows and joys of others as they spoke to me in song. I felt the tragic beauty in the passions, lost hopes and brevity of life as experienced by other people. There was a collision of sadness and beauty, a kind of majestic sorrow. I wondered if it was due to being fifty six years of age and being able to relate to many situations in life. Shivers repeatedly rose in waves up my spine from its base. I could not recall ever enjoying music to such an extent. I identified so closely with the singers, I became them. I could get up and go to the bathroom or get a drink of chilled water from the kitchen without losing the spinal effect. I then returned to the headphones and Yahoo Radio on the computer. The shivers of pleasure continued to rise in waves up my spine and began to intensify and surge down my legs and up my arms. The base of my head, at the rear, where the spine joins the skull was hit by waves of exquisite sensation with each new song. It felt like a hand was gripping the upper back of my neck where it meets the skull, and channelling in high voltage pleasure direct to my brain. After each wave of energy up my spine, this sensation did not totally subside, but seemed to remain as a scintillation of increased magnitude higher than the level before it. I became concerned as the euphoric physical effects intensified and extended in duration. I checked my pulse by the clock to see if I had an elevated heart rate associated with panic attacks. My pulse was normal and steady and my body felt very, very relaxed. I had the sensation of settling or falling back, deeper within my body, as the experience continued. My mind was paradoxically calm, intensely present, sharply aware and my cognition totally functioning and nimble. The waves of sensation up my spine became a volcanic rush that entered my head. I was thinking \xe2\x80\x9cOh, Oh, Oh! Awesome! Go with it!\xe2\x80\x9d Rivers of energy flowed outwards along my limbs. By now it was after midnight. My body felt almost weightless. I felt immense power flowing through my body. At one point I looked at my hands and they felt so full of the sensation of energy and so insubstantial that I wondered if they might pass through the wall if I tried. I touched the wall out of curiosity and my hand was certainly still solid as it touched the wall! It was just that I could not feel my hand. It went on and on, hour after hour as powerful waves of surging energy, ever intensifying. I was totally immersed in intense ecstasy. Suddenly, there was another huge rush of energy upwards. There was complete darkness. I found my locus of consciousness now resting in the centre of my head as a tiny pin point. The room I was sitting in had totally disappeared from sight. It was dark and comforting in the centre of my brain. Then, there was a final atomic eruption I could feel rising beneath this tiny \xe2\x80\x9cme\xe2\x80\x9d, my centre of total awareness, and it burst forth from the top of my head carrying that tiny point in a massive torrent of energy that felt like a clear, cool viscous liquid, and my awareness emerged into a infinite yet intimate space which was like an endless ocean where I felt connected to all things in the cosmos. I thought, \xe2\x80\x9cHuh! I must have died! Oh well, it\xe2\x80\x99s not so bad.\xe2\x80\x9d I had no fear. I was merely a point of consciousness with no body at all. I was overcome with immense gratitude for the privilege of having been alive, and for my life with its joys as well as its sorrows and the total improbability of just being. I thanked God.  Following on was an instantaneous, total life review. It was like viewing a three hundred and sixty degree panoramic picture screen with all of my life events played out simultaneously. Many of the things I had thought very significant in my life were not at all important. My preconceptions of right and wrong melted away. I did not feel judged in any way, I felt completely accepted. Everything was meaningful in my life and nothing I had experienced was wasted. The only things that now mattered in my past life were the times I had shown loving compassion to other people and living things. Then I felt enormous, limitless, feelings of joy, love, compassion and empathy for humankind and all living things. I felt intimate kinship with all humanity. I somehow was The Divine Mother with a heart for all my suffering beings and wanted to encompass them in arms of love and mercy and tell them everything was all right and always had been. Everything was perfect and always had been and always would be. At this stage I did ",,Australia,2001 2,religious,agnostic,Jewish,Hindu,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Enploym,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2295,ME ,1048,40,,F,"I was exhausted, and VERY fearful..I was always on alert that someone (doctor/nurse) would approach me to tell me that he was gone..I knew I could not handle this...and felt if I was alert and watchful I could hold them off..it was exhausting ..this alertness...this seemed something that was constant...even tho I was exhausted I felt I had to be watchful...and this would keep them away...so when I was sitting in a chair watching the hands of the clock tick away approaching 12:00 midnight...so I could visit the ICU..I apparently drifted off as I had this vision: Faces of people started appearing before, just faces and they were lined up behind each other..it was dark around the faces, yet the faces were normal and they kept coming at me; one by one they would pass as they approached me, the the next one would come, I knew there were more of them...I did not recognize them nor did I try at the time...After several passed, something caught my eye on the next face, FEAR overcame me and I Stopped It...something really frightened me about this face..it was that Alertness thing..I noticed something on the bridge of this mans nose..wasnt sure what it was..sort of like a long worm laying across the bridge of his nose...I was afraid to let him pass..didnt know what it was or what it meant, but it frightened me so..but after a while I knew I HAD to let him pass, so I let him do so very slowly.. stop and go...he had dark hair and a full face and this thing on the bridge of the nose.. I looked at him carefully with the fearful thing.....then behind him was a woman with reddish hair...and then it was over, I sort of woke up and it was 12:00 and I went down to he ICU..he passed a few days later.    ",,Born rais,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Insuran,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2296,NDE,1415,3,,F,The eyes in the tunnel kind of scared me and the singing was weird and scary. But the warm breeze going thru me like I was made of smoke was so warm and smart. Filled with so much knowledge and more love than the earth can know.    ,,USA    Q.,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Toddler,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2297,NDE,1076,19,,F,"Through light tunnel incredibly fast with woshing sound. Arrived in dark space, with life review. Pixel like snapshots of life events. Stopped at times whenI had done something on purpose that was bad. I had been mean and hurt someone physically when angry. It was explained that these were to be judged because my intention was wrong. Intention is the thing. This was communicated telepathically by a kind presence. I didnt feel it was God or Jesus but someone other. The presence had humor and was kind. I was asked what I wanted to do with my life and asked to dig deep. When asked if I wanted to stay I was ambivilant and asked what I REALLY wanted and why. I realized I needed to get back as my mother would be destroyed if I died. She had had multiple miscarriages and lost a live birth boy. If she lose me her only living child, shed be a mess. As soon as I realized this I woke up in the car. A police officer screamed shes alive and I rolled down the window and crawled out of the car. No one could believe it.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,Student,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
2298,ADC,1012,72,,F,see above    ,,citizen o,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High sc,Legal S,,married,widowed,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2299,NDE,1509,57,,M,"I awaken to the most beautiful music, but it is so much more than music. It is not just sound, it is everything. Blue is a pronounced theme, but it is so much more than that. There are other colours, yet no darkness, no shadows. The source of the music is a person whose features I cannot see yet somehow know that she is creating the musical accompaniment to this experience. She is the most perfect Phantom of the Opera organist. The sound/music emanates from everywhere, yet I see it as notes floating from a pipe organ, but it is not a pipe organ. It is so much more. I know that she is my sister, yet I dont recognize her. I know that everything is as it should be. There is no time to the experience. It is not like an event that can be measured in minutes, hours, days or years; it simply IS. There is an OBE amidst all of this, which I think has its own area within this questionnaire.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2300,NDE,1276,45,,M,"My first memories was a sense of unnatural sounds like the building itself was breathing or living somehow. I saw through the walls to a room that I knew was on another dimension or in a spiritual plane. In this room, men sat and leaned against the walls while they waited. I knew somehow that they were waiting to escort the dead to another place. I knew that I was close to death in this moment and that was the reason I could see them. I was not afraid. I just knew it.  My next memory was of a village setting that looked medieval or European. The streets were cobble stone and the buildings were stone as well. People walked in groups down the road. I think a better description would be that they wondered aimlessly. They looked straight ahead, slightly downward and seemed to be without hope. I had an overwhelming feeling of gloom in this place and I felt as though they were being punished or detained in some way.  The thing that was MOST striking about these visions was there absolute vividness. It was as though I was seeing them with the most high definition TV ever seen. I could not explain how powerful this sense of visual clarity was. It was as though it were more real than real life. Even though these people seemed as though they were not supposed to look at me, occasionally one would lock eyes with me for just a moment. They had such despair in their eyes that it saddened me to make eye contact.  Later I was in this same place in a large arena, though that is not really the right word. It was a place in a large building that had a circular path that came in one door and passed in front of what seemed to be stadium type seating.  I had a feeling that people were paraded through this place in the lines I had seen them walking in on the streets to possibly be judged or reviewed in some way. Again, the architecture was like nothing I have seen here in the states. It seemed very old and mostly made from stone.  My next and final memory was my defining moment where I was like a speck dust floating in a space that felt like a large room. I was exactly like those particles of dust that you see floating randomly in the open space of a room as the sunlight passes through a window. I was free, floating on an invisible river of air through this space, around a tree or plant, feeling sheer joy and amazement. I had no identity in these moments. I had no memory of anything personal or earthly. I only knew that I was truly at peace. I was one with the universe, completely accepted, and loved. I felt such joy in those brief moments that it makes my heart race even now as I recall it. As I passed through this space, I saw a very obvious ray of what I thought was sunshine coming downward from the right from no obvious window or light source. I didnt question anything, but I remember a sense of really hoping that I would drift through this light. As I did enter the light, I felt happiness like I have never known. I felt as though anything I had known before this moment was infantile and insignificant. I knew this was the presence of God, though I did not see a face. I dont even know that I had the ability to look at the source of the light. I just basked in its glory.  I saw flashes or arcs of light zipping above me. They looked like just that really, but I felt like they were something bigger than me, something more than I could even try to understand. Later, I remembered seeing a phenomenon called flying rods that I have seen myself in videos that I have where these things that are not visible to the naked eye show up on high speed video and they appear to swim through the sky with multiple wings on a straight translucent body.  I wonder if these could be what I saw in this place. As far as I know this phenomenon is not explained scientifically yet, but you can find hundreds or thousands of video accounts on youtube by searching for flying rods. I may be nothing, but then again...  I had a number of very substantial things that became known to me in this place. For one, the reason that everyone describes these visions as being so vivid is that we are not looking at them with our failing human eyes. We are seeing them in a supernatural state of being where our tired old eyeballs could not even begin to compare. Also, I became acutely aware that I am a being inside of a being. I felt that I am a spirit aside from the conscious brain thought, which I always thought was ME. Suddenly, I had all of these memories of things like driving on long trips when I am complete zoned out in deep thought, yet somehow my body is driving the car, slowing and speeding up in traffic, using turn signals, and yet I arrive 30 miles later not remembering the drive. It occurred to me that there is a watcher within us that is the true us who is ready to take the wheel at any moment if we zone out, so to s",,US Citize,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Compute,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2301,ME ,1127,51,,F,See above.    ,,I am a U.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2302,SDE,1278,62,,F,"I was attending a morning funeral of my Bible Study leader, a very kind man named David C., on Saturday, March 15, 2008 at the Trinity Episcopal Church in New York. The large church was packed, as David was much beloved. He was a top executive at Citibank and many co-workers were there. David was a fairly young man at 50 when he passed suddenly of a massive heart attack while he was working out before work at his local gym. While sitting in the church listening to Davids eulogies, his beloved friend and pastor (forgot his name) got up to speak at the front of the church, with Davids coffin near him. I suddenly looked up and midway between the peoples heads and the high ceiling, I saw something that looked different. It was air. Normally, you do not see air but I saw an oval-shaped, contained body of wavy air about 6-7 feet long, hovering near the front of the church where the people were sitting. The wavy air didnt move from its position. It didnt go up or down or right or left. I didnt hear anything, taste anything or touch anything while looking at this image. I just saw it. I didnt feel anything in particular. I just stared at it, without feeling, which is how I usually react when Im witnessing a miracle or something spiritual from God. At some point I stopped looking at it, probably when the funeral was over. In the next day or two I thought about the contained body of wavy air and then I knew that was Davids spirit or soul watching his own funeral, wanting to be there with his beloved wife, sons, family, friends and co-workers. I sent an email to everyone I knew at the funeral to tell them that Davids soul was present with us at his funeral. I hand wrote a note to Davids widow, Cathy, to tell her that David was with her and their sons at his funeral. No one responded to my mail. What the viewing of the wavy air told me was that the Soul and/or Spirit is real. I saw it with my own eyes. Also, that we humans dont really die, we pass on. Yes, our bodies die but our souls are then released and return back into Eternity with God. I like to tell as many people as I can the comforting news that we dont really die, we pass on. And that the Soul, Spirit is real and returns to God when we pass. Some people express comfort to me when I tell them. Some people just stare at me. I feel my job is to just tell people the good news of what I experience spiritually. Whether they believe me or not is up to them. I dont try to convince them that what Im saying is true. I just tell them for them to do with whatever they like.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2303,DEE,1299,22,,M,"I entered my bedroom, sat down on a cushioned window seat, and the sobbing continued. Moments later, I felt a tingling in my arms, kind of like they had fallen asleep, though I wasnt sitting in a way that impaired blood flow. Moments later, my arms rose from my sides and my hands literally came together in prayer in front of my chest. I watched in complete wonderment as this occurred. And I suddenly felt in my heart a very clear instruction that I needed to get on my knees and pray. But I was refused. I didnt understand why prayer was necessary. In fact, it seemed like an act of subservience that made me uneasy. Meanwhile, my arms and hands were literally vibrating, and my hands were stuck together that literally, I was unable to pull them apart. Why is this happening to me, I wondered. And I suddenly understood that I was dying. No sooner did that thought cross my mind, my hands fell back to my sides--thus making a connection in my mind between the thought I was dying and the release of my hands from the unseen force, and the immediate cessation of the tingling sensations. Given how strange this all was, it seemed perfectly logical to me that I was indeed dying. My mother was spiritual, so I thought I better go downstairs and tell her. In the living room, I sat beside my mother and told her what had just happened. She told me to go ahead and pray. I told her I couldnt, and that I was dying. She was very spiritual. When she heard this, she thought perhaps a part of me was dying, to make room for something else... but I wasnt physically dying. I told her she was wrong. She checked my temperature. I had a fever of 103. She went to get some aspirin, and told me to to relax. After I took the aspirin, I lay down on the living room couch, and thats when a spiritual being showed up. I heard him as clear as day, talking in my head, just as if he was in the room with me. The first thing he said to me was, Ok, lets go! When he said that, I could feel a pulling sensation all of a sudden on the region of my solar plexus. If the soul was real, it felt like he was reaching in and pulling my soul out of my body. It was a very uncomfortable and unusual feeling, and I reacted to it by kicking my feet on the couch. When I did this, the pulling, or suction-y feeling stopped. Long story short, this fight to stay went on for more than an hour. I remained lucid throughout the whole experience, conversing with my family while also telepathically conversing with this Being. The longer I resisted, the more this Being resorted to threatening me. I didnt care--no matter what the threats (Stay and youll be crazy, no one will ever understand you, your family wont remember a thing--their memories will be wiped) I refused to go wherever it was this Being was intent on taking me. Finally, fed up with my refusal, the Being told me he wasnt leaving empty handed. If I didnt come then and there, he would cause my father to have a massive heart attack, and he would take my father. My father and I had had a long and stormy relationship, however, I didnt have to think about that threat. I immediately relented and agreed to come. But I asked to say goodbye to my family first--which he permitted. I literally kissed and hugged everyone who was there and said goodbye. It was the saddest moment I have ever experienced. Then I told the Being I was finally ready, and I heard a voice (a different voice than the Being) tell me it wasnt my time. For a while I pleaded to go. I was ready. But it was no use. My fever broke, and I felt better than I had ever felt in my life-- and I appreciated my life like I had never appreciated it before.     ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",some,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2304,ME ,1431,28,,F,"It was a warm July evening in 2010. I had two 8month-old twin daughters at the time. I got an invitation for a dinner with friends and spent the evening with them. My husband was at home with the girls. I was walking home after the dinner. It was already dark and the city lights were on. I was walking on a deserted street alone when a car passed me. Young men were sitting in it, hearing loud music. I did not really pay attention to them and turned into another street, which was much darker. Suddenly a really strong invisible force hit me, and I staggered into a dark corner near a house. I almost fell, and was shocked. 2 seconds later the same car with the young men appeared in the street. This time they were driving very slowly as if they were looking for something/someone. They could not see me, as I was still in the dark corner of a house. They passed me again, this time the music was off. I realized later that they must have been looking for me. I struggled to get myself together in the corner where I was still crouching. I was shocked because it was clearly not me, who decided to hide in the corner. It was as if someone/something had hit me or shoved me there. I went home at last but I have not told anybody about this experience for a long time, not even my husband.     ",,Hungarian,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Human R,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2305,NDA,1367,41,,F,I know I saw him standing behind my Mom that day and was really dumbfounded when I realized he really wasnt there. It was as if his spirit was trying to tell me something.    ,,American,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Softwar,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2306,ME ,1129,25,,M,See above.    ,,US citize,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,undec,none,"0 24,999",Some,Oh geez,,single,single,Yes,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2307,ADC,1402,29,,F,"At the time, I described it as the most real and vivid dream I have ever had. In the dream, my deceased grandfather was communicating with me. He had passed away approximately ten years earlier and I had always said that I couldnt believe how much I missed him, even so many years after his death. This was my first loss and I took his death very hard because he had always been my father figure- my birth father had never been around (and died when I was 5), AND my relationship with my adoptive father was not close at all. Some specific details of the dream were not clear such as where we were or in what capacity my grandfather came to me, but I do remember that in the dream, I was very aware that it was impossible (in my understanding) for him to be there, communicating with me. My response in the dream was basically, How can this be, you are dead? I dont believe he said much to me, but I was so excited to have this time with him and I remember wanting to introduce him to my life since his death. I had no kids when he died and I wasnt married although I was dating my now husband. So, in the dream, I was feverishly trying to catch him up on all the events of my life...getting married, having two beautiful kids, going to university to become a teacher. I wanted him to be proud of me and I wanted so desperately to keep him around and involved in my life.  When I woke up, I truly felt that I had really lived this dream...a feeling I had never had with a dream and I remember wanting to cry because it was so real and vivid and now that I was awake, I couldnt get it back.  This has never happened again, and I always wondered if it was more than a dream.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"50,000 99",some,Stay at,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2308,ME ,1288,40,,F,"Same as above. Also, I saw it as a sign from the Beloved, a message of love and warmth and a reaching out to me in a time of loneliness and sadness. A sign to give me hope and to help me carry on in this journey of life.    ",,Citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Disable,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2309,DEE,1369,50,,F,"At the age of 50, I had an experience that transformed my life. I had been working with a tool in a secluded area of my home. I left the room for a few minutes, but when I returned, the tool had \xe2\x80\x9cvanished\xe2\x80\x9d and was never seen again. After exhausting every possible explanation for the disappearance, I felt my world falling apart. For the next few days, all I could do was to walk round and round the house in the hope that somehow the tool would mysteriously reappear. The experience was like being thrown into an alien universe, where all the laws of the only universe I had ever known had ceased to exist \xe2\x80\x93 it was like living in a world without gravity. When I eventually regained my composure, I began thinking of ways to solve the mystery. I had heard that the CIA uses psychics, so I made an appointment with one of these people in my area. Although he could not see what had happened to the tool, the psychic indicated that a being on the other side wanted to communicate with me. He described her as wearing a nurse\xe2\x80\x99s uniform and giving her first name as Edith. He could not understand her surname, but he thought it started with a C or a K. When I suggested \xe2\x80\x9cEdith Cavell\xe2\x80\x9d, he told me that was correct. (He had obviously never heard of the remarkable English nurse). Through the psychic, Edith accurately described a pendant I owned. She said I should hold it completely still and then ask her a question. If the answer was \xe2\x80\x98yes\xe2\x80\x99, the pendant would move one way; if the answer was \xe2\x80\x98no\xe2\x80\x99, it would move another way. Being of a sceptical disposition, I did not believe that something I owned could ever move of its own accord. But on arriving home, I did what Edith had suggested and to my absolute astonishment, the pendant moved as she had indicated \xe2\x80\x93 either vertically or horizontally. After a new months of fruitful yes/no communication, I asked Edith a question one day, but instead of its usual movements, the pendant swung around in a circle. Eventually I discovered that a circle indicated the need to rephrase the question. Not long after that, Edith changed her mode of communication to one where she caused my hand to move in different directions. Then one day I asked a question, but there was no response. It turned out that Edith was handing me over to someone else. The only way I could ascertain the name of this being was to go through the alphabet. I found it almost impossible to believe that the name of the new guide I was being given was Aristotle. I was in such a state of anxiety that I contacted a renowned psychic without giving him any information about myself. At the consultation he told me he was being given a vision of philosophers in Ancient Greece. This gave me reassurance that I was not losing my mind. Aristotle told me that I should apply to do a PhD in philosophy, and that I should do a lot of background reading. To this day I have never been to a philosophy lecture \xe2\x80\x93 let alone studied in the field. When I eventually rang the Professor I had chosen, he \xe2\x80\x9cforgot\xe2\x80\x9d to ask me about the previous work I had done in philosophy.  After being accepted by the University, I began a difficult journey, but I had a wonderful supervisor who carried me through. At one point Aristotle said I would need to use a concept by the very early philosopher, Anaximander. Of course I had never heard of this thinker, but I used his concept to unite the various ideas I was presenting. Later on, Aristotle handed me over to the modern French philosopher, Jacques Derrida. By this time I had become used to the miraculous, which was just as well, because I found Jacques\xe2\x80\x99 writing difficult to grasp. In the end, thanks to all the help I was given from the other side, the two examiners I had described my dissertation as \xe2\x80\x9coutstanding\xe2\x80\x9d. (It is titled \xe2\x80\x9cHeidegger and the mystery of being\xe2\x80\x9d and is on the web). Among other things it addresses the question of mysticism, and I am now interested in relating mystical experiences to the idea of the divine. From what I have read in Dr. Alexander\xe2\x80\x99s book, and from my own experience, it seems difficult to conceive of God as an all-powerful being who sends people to hell if they don\xe2\x80\x99t repent. The evidence seems to be overwhelming that the whole of the universe is love.     ",,Australia,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",docto,church,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
2310,DEE,1505,37,,M,"My wife was the one who was taking the pictures and one of them, maybe one of the last ones ( we were returning home because the night was approaching) suddenly shows this incredible light!! Really incredible! We se it right away through the camera screen. My wife right away called me to show it.    ",,Portugues,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,I breed,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2311,OBE,1258,20,,M,"I was transported to my friends room at his home in West Lafayette, Ind. I was on the ceiling observing him on a cot below. It was evening. I observed that he was in unusual distress and emotional pain. I immediately found myself praying and interceding for him in an unknown tongue that I did not know. When I awoke back in Tulsa in my dorm room at ORU , I felt the heavy peaceful presence of God upon me and I remembered everything about the encounter.    ",,Citizen o,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2312,PLR,1199,37,,M,"When I looked at the map, it took me to India. Now, it is important to know that I had NEVER studied anything about India or its culture up to this point, even though I have always cooked with their spices, been attracted to their clothing, and always felt drawn to learning Ayurveda.  On the map of India, it drew me to an area called Gujarat (again, I had never heard of this place, but when I googled it, it was exactly where I was shown on the map). Making things more interesting, one of my spirit guides is named Ajwa, and there are streets and parks in Gujarat named Ajwa.  The next thing I knew, I was mentally whisked to a beautiful area, and to a house where I lived with my mother and father. At first it was nice and peaceful and I felt at home. I was female and in brightly colored clothes that I loved. I remember the area was so green and lush. My mother and father there were my brother and wife in this life. This was the mid 1800s, and the British military were there.  They came in the night and took my mother away to rape and kill her. I remember the panic I felt knowing I would never see her again. What is really interesting is that prior to this event, I was always terrified of my wife getting kidnapped and killed. Since this event, I have no fear because I know it is left over from India. Anyway, the English soldiers came back the next day and burned our village. I was raped and my nipples cut off. I remember being held down in one of the buildings, like a stable, as others looked on. Interestingly, I have a birthmark under one of my nipples, and I have always hated having them touched. I was then killed...    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Chiropr,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2313,DEE,1557,45,,F,See question 8 answer.    ,,U.S.    Q,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Co-owne,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2314,DEE,1426,18,,F,"I had been battling depression for a year or two. I was at the point of not being able to feel many emotions, I was anxious, and waking each morning felt like more of a curse than a blessing. On a random morning I awoke to a feeling of great love, and a voice inside me said everything will be ok from now on. This feeling of love lasted the entire day. I was in love but didnt know why or how, and this feeling was felt for every person I met that day, including strangers. The next morning when I woke this feeling was gone, and I was back to having no feelings at all, back in my depressed state. I had never experienced a feeling like this before, and it was so strong, and came out of nowhere, that I figured it must be the love of God. This encounter healed me, and set me on a course of learning more about God.    ",,natural b,1 2000,agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",some,high sc,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2315,ADC,1019,26,,F,"My experience was not a moment in time event, but rather its like I became aware of my grandpa through intense emotions and became aware that he was trying to tell me something. It takes a few days of this flood of emotion before I realize something is wrong and he is trying to tell me. The best way I can describe my most resent experience is like a gnawing feeling at your core that something is wrong, and at the same time an intense feeling of my grandpa. Not him in the sense of physically being next to me, but this feeling of the love we shared, the grief I felt when I lost him, and replaying the experiences we had together. The thoughts of him flood my mind and almost become distracting. My mind would constantly wander back to thoughts of my grandpa and just intense deep feelings. (The first few times this happened to me was when my two of my grandpas brother died, my uncles father in law was dying and my aunt was diagnosed with cancer it wasnt until afterward that I pieced together my intense feelings surrounding my grandpa and the news). After I became aware of my grandpas presence its like I knew something was wrong, and he was trying to tell me or make me aware of something bad. Knowing something was going to happen was unsettling and my mind would race at the possible events that might happen. Then when my phone rang and it was news my uncle had had a massive stroke, it was instant that this what he was telling me. Knowing that my grandpa is here with me is something I can not describe in words...its a feeling you get deep in your gut that you know everything is going to be alright.    ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Manage,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2316,ADC,1139,36,,F,i learned that staying on this earth could be a very happy experience if you choose it to be. i was feeling low that my dad had passed. his way of coming through with something we shared together was a way of telling me that i should stay and enjoy life.    ,,usa    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,VP Adve,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2317,ADC,1209,54,,F,"One night during my sleep, I had a short but very powerful dream. I could see my father walking on a treadmill and my mother, who is still alive, was there too. It seemed to be in their home, but all I could see was my father and mother. I looked at my mother and said, Is that dad? and she replied, yes it is. I walked over to him and he was dressed differently than normal. He had a funny looking sleeveless down jacket on. He was a man who liked to look nice and this jacket was just not him. He had this wonderful smile on his face and his being generated such great warmth. There were no words shared, but I could feel his love beyond measure for me. It was like our spirits were talking. The message was I love you and I must go now. That was the end of the dream.    ",,United St,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Revenue,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2318,ME ,1230,18,,M,"As I continued to pray, full of fear but knowing that someone must be listening, I suddenly felt an astonishingly immense, peaceful calm descend on me, and wash through my body from head to foot. It was as if someone had poured a bucket of peace onto my head and it ran down through me all the way to my feet. I cant describe the feeling it gave me, but as I watched and felt this peace, I saw my friends stepfather hesitate. My friend was still yelling, brandishing a chair while his stepdad wielded that baseball bat. The bat was lowered, and his stepfather muttered that he didnt want to hurt him any more. My friend continued to challenge, but began to relax, and his stepfather turned and walked back into the house. The peace stayed with me, and I said goodbye to my friends, got into my car and drove home. Ill never forget that feeling and the certain knowledge that God had given me the gift of peace that night.    ",,"Citizen,","251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2319,ADC,1435,59,,F,"I did not see anything, but had a very strong scent of floral (not sure what type); I had the sense that it was my mothers spirit telling me she was OK after I tried to find the source of the scent. I felt peaceful at this time, but also thought I would like to believe that she was contacting me. I share this with my husband and daughter the next morning (the scent was gone when I woke up in the morning)    ",,citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,researc,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2320,OBE,1340,20,,F,"I think I pretty much covered it above. There was no other person involved other than the driver of the other car who I did not see. As it was happening, I felt calm. Afterwards, I was shaken. I only saw myself a profile of my face calmly driving the car no hint of the desperate situation I was in.  In hindsight, I feel that there was devine intervention that my guardian angel protected me and got me out of that dangerous situation.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,College,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2321,ADC,1409,39,,F,"I looked to my right and saw Bob standing there looking just as he always had except that he looked very happy. He looked happier than I had ever seen him in the 13 years we were together. Maybe contented is a better description. We had a conversation. I know we did. But I cant recall a single word. As soon as it was over, I couldnt remember what he said or why he came. All I remember clearly is his smile. What I had thought was a brilliant sun light coming through a window was actually a mist-like energy. He turned and walked into it, becoming part of it. The room returned to normal. I got frightened and wondered what I had just seen. I scooted down under the covers without coving my eyes. I was in total shock. It was real, but what was it? Was it a premonition? Was I supposed to take action? Then I remembered his smile and decided action wasnt necessary. I didnt know what to do but try to forget it and go on. As far as I knew, Bob was fine and living across town.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Associa,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2322,ME ,1267,7,,F,"I was walking alone in the woods, following an animal trail. I suddenly became hyper-aware of everything around me. I was flooded by an all-pervading presence of light, which left me astutely aware of how everything was connected....One. I saw myself, each step, as impacting everything around me that sent a wave through everything because I was completely connected with everything. With that, I became aware of how carefully I should tread on the trail I was following and that it was my responsibility to take careful steps because life was everywhere. I also suddenly understood how precious and alive everything was and that even inanimate things had a form of consciousness. I continued walking and sat down with my back against a tree. I could feel the pulse of the universe running through everything around me, like a beating heart, but everything was pulsing together at the same time, in unison. Everything was also made of light. I could see with my open eyes, the light that permeated everything around me. I saw the sacredness of the grass, the animals, the trees, the dirt beneath me, the rocks. I felt a profound sense of love. It was a euphoric experience that I remember as clearly as the day it happened almost 50 years ago.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2323,ME ,1397,25,,M,The pdf I will attach does this.    ,,Native bo,1 mill,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,I was a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2324,DEE,1008,30,,F,see #43    ,,US citize,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2325,DEE,1468,64,,F,    ,,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,I have,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2326,OBE,1469,25,,F,"Suddenly I was outside my body. I seemed to be very small as I watched what was happening to me. I knew I was dying, or would die if he didnt stop. I prayed, Please, God. Dont let me die. I have two little boys who need me. I heard clearly, Use kung foo. My body became ridged and I put my arms straight up. My elbows locked and no matter how hard he tried to break them down they were locked in place. He could no longer reach my head. Once he realized he couldnt hurt me any more he sat back on his heels kind of dazed.    ",,Natural c,"251,00",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Bank te,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2327,DEE,1273,19,,F,What was observed was the white light and the image of Jesus. There was no sound at all. I saw His image but my friend did not. She remembers everything but did not see Him just outside the door. It confirmed in me that it all exists. It wasnt just something we talked about every Sunday Leaving it in the Hands of God wasnt just something to say...we can definitely rely on Him.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Clerica,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2328,ME ,1417,26,,F,"See above for details. I knew I would win the car. I had absolutely no doubt. I had no idea why this had happened to me, but I was happy because I sold the car &amp; had some necessary dental work done which used all the proceeds from the car sale.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,moder,avera,"25,000 49",colle,secreta,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2329,NDA,1470,43,,M,"I did not see anything. I felt a sensation like energy pouring through me. It felt positively energizing. I heard the phrase No matter what happens, everything will be ok. I feel like I was somehow changed by that experience because I feel like I do not have to worry about my father. I cannot explain why I have this peace.    ",,Legal U.S,"50,000",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,undec,littl,"50,000 99",colle,Longsho,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2330,NDE,1076,19,,F,"Through light tunnel incredibly fast with woshing sound. Arrived in dark space, with life review. Pixel like snapshots of life events. Stopped at times whenI had done something on purpose that was bad. I had been mean and hurt someone physically when angry. It was explained that these were to be judged because my intention was wrong. Intention is the thing. This was communicated telepathically by a kind presence. I didnt feel it was God or Jesus but someone other. The presence had humor and was kind. I was asked what I wanted to do with my life and asked to dig deep. When asked if I wanted to stay I was ambivilant and asked what I REALLY wanted and why. I realized I needed to get back as my mother would be destroyed if I died. She had had multiple miscarriages and lost a live birth boy. If she lose me her only living child, shed be a mess. As soon as I realized this I woke up in the car. A police officer screamed shes alive and I rolled down the window and crawled out of the car. No one could believe it.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,Student,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
2331,OBE,1011,62,,M,"my outlook on everyday life has changed,i feel deeply loved and ever in the pesense of god.i do not fear death at all and seem to be in constant prayer for guidance with a will to know God more and a common thread the exists between us all.    ",,born in u,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,master,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2332,SDE,1070,53,,F,I began to feel I was in a tunnel of light and suddenly saw a very religious image of Jesus-he had a crown of thorns and a bleeding heart we did not speak but it was the first time I ever felt loved and I have never been the same since then    ,,usa    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,religious,Unaffilia,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,tax coo,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2333,ME ,1450,59,,M,    ,,Citizen,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Senior,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2334,ME ,1417,26,,F,"See above for details. I knew I would win the car. I had absolutely no doubt. I had no idea why this had happened to me, but I was happy because I sold the car &amp; had some necessary dental work done which used all the proceeds from the car sale.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,moder,avera,"25,000 49",colle,secreta,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2335,PLR,1472,3,,F,More of a feeling and a knowingness that my thoughts were unquestionable truths and that I could access these truths as a strength and assurance in this life when I needed them...but honestly--I didnt want to be here and wanted to be back with God and I remember my soul ACHED.....in remembering ...    ,,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,"baby, n",,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2336,ME ,1459,21,,M,"I pretty much did above. What I learned was that true Love is expressed as a gift from God. I have had many even more intense experiences since than. Some lasting for over a week, with angels, and engtering a mystical yet very natural at home realm. Being more real than reality!    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,dail,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,College,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2337,OBE,1500,39,,M,    ,,Born in t,2001 2,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,avera,littl,"50,000 99",maste,For the,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2338,ME ,1032,20,,F,"Within 48 hours from the time my letter was hand delivered to Harry by my father, I was flying! I had abundant energy which was a very new feeling for me. I had a tingling sensation in my right side by the liver and I was emotionally uplifted. I knew that something I could not see was helping me more than any medical treatment or doctor had ever done for me.    ",,I am a US,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",docto,I had j,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2339,NDE,1031,19,,M,I didnt want to leave.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2340,ADC,1438,24,,F,"My friends name was Jimmy and he had committed suicide days before. We met in what I can only describe as the most vibrant and alive meadow I have ever experienced.... I have never experienced such aliveness and vibrancy here on earth. It was just the two of us, but I gathered by some beautiful music/voices I could sense that we were not truly alone. I just remember feeling so happy and connected not only to him, but to everything around us. The flowers were buzzing with aliveness, the grass also and the sky just illuminated such a beautiful color of blue that felt alive in itself. He told me he wanted me to experience what he was getting to experience and to let me know he was happy and at peace and to please tell his parents about our visit and that he was happy and safe.     ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,small b,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2341,NDE,1248,27,,F,"I didnt see a light or anything, I was suddenly in this space (?) another dimension. I knew my nan was with me I couldnt see her but I felt her presence. In front of me was a panel of beings (they communicated telepathically with me). I was crying, begging them not to send me back as I didnt want to return. I was told that it wasnt my time, that I had to return as I had things I need to do. Suddenly I woke up with a crash team. I was crying and hysterical.     ",,EU reside,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",Some,Public,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2342,ME ,1314,33,,M,"I awake to nothing. No body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space: no near, no far, no light or dark. No heat, no cold. No emotion: no joy, no fear. Just calm awareness in a gray void.  A moment / eternity passes. Light! A brilliant sun! And with it, darkness: the fullness of empty space. A small human figure stands in silhouette. My consciousness shifts. I become the figure; a human body standing in space before a radiant globe. I feel! I am bathed in intense light and heat; light and heat so intense that if I were in a physical form I would be vaporized. I am engulfed by boundless, infinite energy; overwhelming energy. Another shift in perception: energy becomes love. Energy and love are the same. Energy is love. I am embraced and cradled: infolded by a boundless field of energy/love, love which is personal yet vast beyond comprehension. I am seen; seen through. The barriers and masks that we construct to present an idealized persona to the world are blown away. Though the experience is veiled to me I perceive that my life in its naked reality is being lived and fully comprehended by a conscious presence. There is no judgment. My being with all its shortcomings, failures, and rough edges is unconditionally accepted, loved, and cherished.  I become aware that what had first appeared like a sun is un-like anything from ordinary reality. I am in the presence of a radiant, fluid luminosity. An amalgam of water and light is the best approximation I can think of. The sense of being before a conscious presence intensifies.  My mind buzzes with the desire to hold It, to explain and contain It with my thought. The more I grasp, however, the more It slips away. It cannot be grasped or named. I give up, let go, and allow myself to simply rest with It. With this shift from desire/grasping to acceptance I am permeated by light. In a blaze, the dark husk of my body flakes away. I become light. I am one with the light. I am the light, a fluid, radiant luminosity. I have no body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space. I am calm awareness in a radiantly luminous field of joyfully dancing light.  A moment / eternity passes. I find myself with a luminous body. A thought is expressed without words: approach your live with joy and gratitude; compassion and acceptance. A cosmic chuckle: clear-eyed and hard-nosed. I am laughed at/with. \xe2\x80\x9cDon\xe2\x80\x99t take your self so seriously\xe2\x80\x9d rings in my mind. As I turn from the light a frigorific presence rushes from behind and past my left ear. It is a transparent nothingness consuming all energy in its path. It radiates a cold animus and an implacable will to be separate; to differentiate. As it rushes past an iron darkness warps around me. It fuses to me and I become dark and solid. I awake to an ordinary day.     ",,American,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Archite,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2343,NDE,1098,37,,F," I started drifting off and could only vaguely hear them now.  I found myself floating down a long tunnel. I looked all around and was aware of a soft and mesmerizing light at the end. I wanted to rush towards it but found it hard to move forward and could do so only by forcing myself forward half swimming, half walking. Then, I heard a distant faint voice cry out \xe2\x80\x9cSinus rhythm collapsing, we are losing her\xe2\x80\x9d but I felt completely disinterested in this. Who was being lost? I did not know who they were talking about and was annoyed at the interruption. Now I only had eyes for the wonderful glowing light at the end of the tunnel which seemed to hold promise of great warmth and love unending. I felt so joyful and excited and all awareness of my body on the bed left me as I tried for some time to reach the light. I knew absolutely that wonderful things were awaiting, if I could only get to the end of the tunnel. The light now loomed larger and I could see faint outlines of figures waiting there, beckoning me forwards. I wondered, \xe2\x80\x9cWho is waiting there, is it Sai Baba, angels or loved ones?\xe2\x80\x9d I tried harder and harder to reach the end of the tunnel.  Then, a very faint voice interrupted my travels with a tiny urgent \xe2\x80\x9cBaby on Board\xe2\x80\x9d and a pleading \xe2\x80\x9cBreathe! You must breathe\xe2\x80\x9d. (A nurse was apparently shouting loudly into my ear). This caught my attention. I stopped in the middle of the tunnel and wondered, \xe2\x80\x9cWho has a baby on board, who should be breathing?\xe2\x80\x9d And then thought \xe2\x80\x9cPerhaps it is me, perhaps I am pregnant, if I am, then I must go back\xe2\x80\x9d and I turned reluctantly around. It was so hard to leave that wonderful promise of all-encompassing Love and Joy waiting in the Light and those light filled beings waiting there. The return down the tunnel was brutally sudden. I came back to consciousness to experience total chaos, doctors were shouting and my whole body was in pain. I felt icy cold, but I could see I was indeed pregnant. My memories flooded back and I knew I had many children and others who needed me to hold on. I fought to come back and although the heart rhythm was still unstable, immediately went into labour. Serious faced heart specialists told me \xe2\x80\x9cYou can\xe2\x80\x99t have the baby yet, we will deliver in two weeks when your heart has settled down\xe2\x80\x9d. I did not argue, I could see their point, but I knew from my previous eight deliveries that this labour was not a trial run. So exhausted, I steeled myself for a long night. Whether it was the right time or not, this baby was on its way. I was informed later that day, that I had flat lined for some time and that had this episode happened at our house, some one hours drive from the nearest hospital, both William and I would have died. I reflected on that urgent message in the morning, no wonder I had to get to hospital that day. How strange the many delays that had led to the nurse colliding with the heart specialist! I realized that I had been somehow protected all the way through this crisis. I also felt enormous gratitude for the nurse who had shouted in my ear, because I realized that I had only turned back because of her prompting as all knowledge of my present life had been wiped out. At dawn the following morning with labour well advanced, a grim faced team of Heart specialists and surgeons gathered to deliver the baby. I was hooked to a bank of heart monitors, and had needles in my feet, arms and hands. The recalcitrant heart was still racing and wobbling around. Their ominous expressions told me that they didnt give much for our chances under anaesthetic.   Would you like to leave any messages? I was asked. None, I replied. My husband and children knew I loved them, I told them that every day. Since seeing the two little boys standing together on that planet four years earlier in the OOBE, I felt sure that William at least, would survive to be with his brother. As the anesthetic took hold, I felt totally at peace, after all I had come close to the Light and it was so wonderful, I had no fear of death left. William was delivered with only minor difficulties apparently unharmed by his pre-natal adventure in the Star Trek ship!      ",,NEW ZEALA,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,UNIVERS,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2344,NDE,1237,35,,M,see #43    ,,US    Q.,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,social,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2345,NDE,1248,27,,F,"I didnt see a light or anything, I was suddenly in this space (?) another dimension. I knew my nan was with me I couldnt see her but I felt her presence. In front of me was a panel of beings (they communicated telepathically with me). I was crying, begging them not to send me back as I didnt want to return. I was told that it wasnt my time, that I had to return as I had things I need to do. Suddenly I woke up with a crash team. I was crying and hysterical.     ",,EU reside,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",Some,Public,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2346,ADC,1547,31,,M,All described in detail above in #43.    ,,Canadian,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",colle,Jazz pi,,marri,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2347,ME ,1478,46,,M,"This life changing event happened to me the latter part of October 2004  For many years I\xe2\x80\x99d been searching for a closer walk with God and financial success. My library of books and tapes are very extensive. I have read many books over twice and listened to tapes and CD\xe2\x80\x99s over and over and over again. I\xe2\x80\x99d started this learning process about 5 years ago and for the last three years I\xe2\x80\x99ve gotten very serious about it. So much so that I don\xe2\x80\x99t read the paper, I don\xe2\x80\x99t watch the news on TV and my TV time is limited to almost nothing. I\xe2\x80\x99ve rented about 5 movies in the last five years. No movie theaters and I\xe2\x80\x99d recently turned off the car radio of any type of media or learning material and just thought positive thoughts while driving. The books that I read are the Bible, books on how our minds work, books on Personal Development and Spirituality. However I really didn\xe2\x80\x99t actually believe that the Spirit world existed So one day I have no Idea how I got there but I\xe2\x80\x99m on the website of a well known Success coach and trainer. On her site an interesting book catches my eye. I order the book and it arrives quickly. I start reading the book and it makes allot of sense. About a third way through the book I come upon a passage that says \xe2\x80\x9cOk, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to now tell you about my 5 agreements in business not to be confused with the Four Agreements of Don Miguel Ruiz. If you want to learn about his four agreements you can get his book titled the Four Agreements and read about them\xe2\x80\x9d.  Nothing else was mentioned about that subject and I kept reading. About 3 pages after that statement I felt compelled to go back. I found the author and the title of the book \xe2\x80\x9cThe Four Agreements\xe2\x80\x9d. I was sitting at my desk in front of my computer so I went to Ebay and clicked on a Buy It Now and had the book in my hand three day\xe2\x80\x99s later. I thought it came to me very quickly. The book is written I am told, at a sixth grade level and it has about 140 pages. So I ate it up and read it in about 3 days. After reading it I thought to myself. This book makes so much sense. Just 4 agreements and I don\xe2\x80\x99t have to memorize a bunch of affirmations and make sure that I find the right one to say for the situation in my stack of 3X5\xe2\x80\x99 cards. I\xe2\x80\x99m thinking this is one of the best books I\xe2\x80\x99ve read and it\xe2\x80\x99s so simple to understand and implement. So I go in for round two with this book. I\xe2\x80\x99m going to read it again. About half way through the book is when it happens. My vision: It\xe2\x80\x99s 10:00am and I\xe2\x80\x99m sitting at my home office desk reading the book for the second time. The morning light is shining through my French doors. I\xe2\x80\x99m about half way through it when the room goes dark. I turn my chair to the left toward the light switch to see who\xe2\x80\x99s there. I stand and I drop the book to the floor out of my left hand. My desk is to my right. The book lands on a wood floor, bounces a couple of times and makes an echo like a book bouncing on a wood floor in an empty room. (The floor in my office is carpeted) I look around my room and it\xe2\x80\x99s not my room anymore. It\xe2\x80\x99s now as large as a high school gym and empty of everything except for my desk and chair and the floor is wood. My Room looks like an empty school gym. It is then that I see my office door. It\xe2\x80\x99s glowing and the colors on it have changed from white to Lapis Blue and the handle on the door is glowing an Orange/Gold color. The door appears to be breathing in and out. On it\xe2\x80\x99s in breath the door is puffed up and show cracks with the orange/gold color in them. The door and handle are illuminated like they\xe2\x80\x99re ready to explode and catch fire. I see smoke coming in from the door jam around the door frame on its out breath. I walk slowly to the door and grab the handle. I turn it clockwise and crack the door open about an inch to peak outside my room. An intense and bright white light comes through the one inch space. It startles me because of its intense brightness and the speed at which it came through the door so close to my face. The light is just like a laser. It is focused. It\xe2\x80\x99s not like it\xe2\x80\x99s flooding the room with light it\xe2\x80\x99s like a laser beam of bright white/golden light 1 inch wide and as tall as the door. In the light are many small brown particles about the size of pencil erasers. They\xe2\x80\x99re floating and moving along in the light, going by me, not real fast as they come in the door.   Then I open the door all the way. The door opens inward and from left to right. (as it normally would in my office) Immediately upon",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Before,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2348,ME ,1387,36,,F,"I was always pulled out of my drunken stupor of the emotional type when I saw the TV screen doing that. It shocked me, I didnt understand what was wrong with the TV. I was never on drugs or alcohol I dont experiment with that stuff. The TV would only go back to regular viewing status if we turned it off and back on again. G did not care one iota about what happened with that TV. But I have always wondered what it was because I have never heard anyone ever talk about it happening to them. Yet it happened to me under these very specific conditions around 6 or 7, maybe 8 times.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Mail/Co,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2349,SDE,1563,44,,M,"I had this very vivid dream about my friend who was lying down in a hospital bed. In real life i had visit him the day prior and was lying unconscious in his hospital bed, under heavy sedation and palliative care. In my dream i was visiting him again but he woke up, and stared directly at me, not a word was exchanged but i had the strong feeling he was saying goodbye. I woke up then.    ",,canadian,2001 2,atheist,agnostic,Christian,Other,,,never,never,undec,none,"0 24,999",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2350,SDE,1277,62,,F,"I was attending a morning funeral of my Bible Study leader, a very kind man named David C., on Saturday, March 15, 2008 at the Trinity Episcopal Church in New York. The large church was packed, as David was much beloved. He was a top executive at Citibank and many co-workers were there. David was a fairly young man at 50 when he passed suddenly of a massive heart attack while he was working out before work at his local gym. While sitting in the church listening to Davids eulogies, his beloved friend and pastor (forgot his name) got up to speak at the front of the church, with Davids coffin near him. I suddenly looked up and midway between the peoples heads and the high ceiling, I saw something that looked different. It was air. Normally, you do not see air but I saw an oval-shaped, contained body of wavy air about 6-7 feet long, hovering near the front of the church where the people were sitting. The wavy air didnt move from its position. It didnt go up or down or right or left. I didnt hear anything, taste anything or touch anything while looking at this image. I just saw it. I didnt feel anything in particular. I just stared at it, without feeling, which is how I usually react when Im witnessing a miracle or something spiritual from God. At some point I stopped looking at it, probably when the funeral was over. In the next day or two I thought about the contained body of wavy air and then I knew that was Davids spirit or soul watching his own funeral, wanting to be there with his beloved wife, sons, family, friends and co-workers. I sent an email to everyone I knew at the funeral to tell them that Davids soul was present with us at his funeral. I hand wrote a note to Davids widow, Cathy, to tell her that David was with her and their sons at his funeral. No one responded to my mail. What the viewing of the wavy air told me was that the Soul and/or Spirit is real. I saw it with my own eyes. Also, that we humans dont really die, we pass on. Yes, our bodies die but our souls are then released and return back into Eternity with God. I like to tell as many people as I can the comforting news that we dont really die, we pass on. And that the Soul, Spirit is real and returns to God when we pass. Some people express comfort to me when I tell them. Some people just stare at me. I feel my job is to just tell people the good news of what I experience spiritually. Whether they believe me or not is up to them. I dont try to convince them that what Im saying is true. I just tell them for them to do with whatever they like.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2351,ME ,1241,40,,M,"I dont remember precisely when it occured...whether it was a few hours later, or that night...but I felt an explosion of energy within my consciousness. The spaces between my thoughts, the stillness from which all thought arises, became alive as a vibrating, pulsating energy. I use the analogy of imagining that there was some kind of cosmic generator attached to me with a cord to the back of my head. This generator was directly attached to the very stuff of consciousness; to the energy which is present in the stillness which lies behind thoughts and emotions. And this generator was gradually turning up the juice; as much as I could handle. This energy was not experienced as a physical sensation (although there were some physical correlates to it). It was directly tied to my consciousness. At first it felt as though the energy w    ",,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",maste,Social,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2352,DEE,1111,32,,F,"Sometime during the night, I began to dream. (Highly unusual because I NEVER remember dreams although I am sure that I do dream). I was present in this dream. I knew immediately that something unusual was happening. I was wearing a long white robe and I had sandals on my feet. It was very warm. I remember thinking wow why is it so warm in a dream this is way too real. Just then I bit down and felt a grain of sand between teeth. I stopped and said to myself wait, this is important because it is real. I walked between 2 buildings made of what looked like adobe to me and I kept walking until I entered a courtyard that was of good size. There were clusters of men standing around talking with one another and they were dressed somewhat like me except they had more colorful gear on. I remember thinking that I was in Bibical days by the way they looked. In the center of the yard were a group of boys playing some kind of ball. They were chasing a ball (that was really a bunch of rags tied together). They were kicking the ball back and forth and seemed intent on playing a game. As I looked around, over to my right was a young boy about 8 to 10 years old. He had that look of dejection about him. He was leaning against the wall with his left shoulder. He was looking down and was moving the sand around with his foot. My mother instinct kicked in and I felt compassion for the boy because I knew he had not been chosen to play. I moved over behind him and that is when I reached out and touched his shoulder. He turned and looked straight into my eyes. The air literally left me and I dropped to my knees. You see, it didnt matter that he was a boy I knew him. I knew him and I began to cry. It was the Savior. Without his lips moving, transferring language to me directly to my head (but more putting it into English falls so short; it was like a thought that came to me and then blew up inside my head) but I HEARD his voice and I knew it. How do I know it? I dont know but in that moment I remember saying Oh, I know that voice! I knew that I missed him so much. I knew that I had been bought and paid for (atonement)if I chose to allow it (free agency and all). I loved him. I sensed the largness of the universe and how there was no end . . . but wait . . . he spoke Cindy, I never fit in. From that statement I understood that he didnt have to show me the cross . . . he really means he was a weird human among humans. That is all that I heard . . . everything else is as real . . . it just was that odd hearing/listening thing. Here is the significant exchange to me . . . I felt the love. It is more than love, but on Earth that is what we say. I knew it was for EVERY single human who was going to live and who had ever lived. If was like I could have reached out and picked it up . . . it had substance. And, it hurt. The love was so much that it hurt and I was humbled by what I felt. It was over. I sat straight up in my bed and looked at the clock. It was 2 a.m. For the next few weeks, the feeling didnt leave me. Sometimes I would just look at a group of students on the BSU campus and want to burst into tears because I knew how much he loved them. Then, like all things, the memory started to fade. A few months later, I got down on my knees and begged for the gift of always remembering that feeling and the event. I dont think about it every day. I am 61 now. But, I can recall it all. By the way . . . I have never wasted one more breath complaining to him about feeling out of place.    ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,secreta,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2353,DEE,1174,35,,F,"There was a person or someone in my room speaking with me and it felt as though they were downloading me with information of the Universe. I felt very exilerated when I would awaken the next morning. This lasted about 3 days. I felt as if I knew the answers to everything. Time began to slow down and I found children to be absolutely AMAZING! I also saw flickers of light in my periferal vision (often) which I would think to myself were possibly angels. I also had an experience during this time where a light came across my vision (similar to a pulsating and spinning vibration) that took over my complete line of sight (it took about 30 minutes for it to completely happen and it happened while I was at work one day). It also shook me to my core and I realize now that I was frightened by the experience and I quit meditating. It felt strange to be in that state of mind and it did frighten me a bit. Once I was removed from the experience, which was about a month or so. I realized that something incredible had happened to me and that I wanted to get back to it. I have since continued reading and studying metaphysics and have continued with my meditation. I have found that to this day I still wonder and think about that time in my life and I KNOW that it happened for a reason.    ",,Citizen o,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Paraleg,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2354,ADC,1012,72,,F,see above    ,,citizen o,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Legal S,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2355,NDA,1179,16,,F,"I saw the stars in the universe flash past me as I was speeding away leaving the earth, to hear a voice telling me It was not my time, I have important things to do. I still wonder if I need to do more to complete the important things somehow.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,avera,"25,000 49",some,High sc,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2356,DEE,1349,44,,F,"At that moment when I was in despair, I felt a physical touch in the middle of my forehead, on my third eye, which is what I was told later. It actually gently pushed my head into my pillow. At that moment I felt the most incredible sensation of love, acceptance and forgiveness that I have ever experienced. It only lasted a few brief seconds, but I was absolutely changed forever by the experience.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Freelan,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2357,DEE,1279,33,,F,"That night, when I went to bed I was still shaken by the experience. I went to sleep and was awakened in the middle of a dream by a yellow/white light which seemed to be turning and was lightest at the edges. I heard a male voice telling me not to be afraid. I wasnt. In fact I was filled with immense love and peace. The male voice talked to me telepathically for a period of time telling me that earth was just a test, a proving ground so to speak. I asked the voice what I was expected to do. Become a nun or what. The voice answered saying just live a good kind and loving life. Id move on to a different plain of being. I have to say that this voice filled me with a love that I cant describe and have never felt so strongly again.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,never,never,undec,littl,"50,000 99",Junio,office,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2358,ADC,1519,70,,F,"After a period of time had passed and my husband continued to breath, I raised my head to look at my family sitting at the bed side. They were quiet and remorseful. But they were not alone. I blinked heavily, trying to clear my eyes but my vision was fine. What I saw was my husband, standing with our family. He wasn\xe2\x80\x99t in a hospital gown with tubes and monitors; he was himself, steady and strong, in street clothing of slacks and a flannel shirt. My family members were solid in the space that their bodies consumed, while my husband was more fluid and seemed to fill the rest of the space. He moved behind one family member to the next. He was composed and serious; the look on his face was one of acceptance that he must leave. Time stood still. And then he disappeared.    ",,Both born,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Human R,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
2359,ME ,1430,20,,F,see above    ,,Australia,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,moder,"100,000+",some,I wasnt,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2360,ADC,1105,66,,F,"So, it was the end of the day with the sun sinking and I wanted to complete the painting which was not going well. I thought to take a break , see if on my return, the answer would be apparent. So I left the studio, walked across the deck and into my house. From the bedroom, I stepped into the long hall which leads to the kitchen and as I did so, I was shocked and awed to see my husband with outstretched arms, grinning from ear to ear and wearing cutoffs. He was striding toward me with great enthusiasm. I was just dumbstruck! He must have taken three steps toward me when I bent forward, covered my face with my hands and called out, Dana, Dana! When I looked up, he was gone.  I learned that we are eternal. That my husband was gifting me with comfort and consolation.    ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2361,ME ,1543,44,,F,"As I stopped at the stop sign I suddenly was aware that I had a second set of eyelids, like some animals do. For the first time ( and so far the last) these eyelids opened. I could see, or it was somehow communicated to me, the reason for all the suffering in the world. I think I said out loud,Oh I see. I understand. It made sense to me. Then, these eyelids closed and I was there at the stop sign in the dark.    ",,U.S. citi,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Airline,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2362,OBE,1223,52,,F,"I remember my breath ending, like a release, and I felt no fear. Then I was in the hands of God, which felt, as the best way to describe it, like being inside a golden flower, with an indescribable sense of love surrounding me and permeating me. I was just there, absorbing the energy and power and love. Then I remember floating and traveling above an earthlike scene, with a green field below and some mountains in the distance. To my right was the edge of a city with a rock wall of some kind. I dont remember much about the city, only that it was there and I was traveling toward it. After that I came back into my own body.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",maste,Owner/D,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2363,ADC,1244,22,,F,At the time it happened I did not attribute a lot to it as I was young and not particularly interested in religion or spirituality. Now I think it was a beautiful gift from a dad who loved me in the best way he knew how.    ,,US Citize,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,moder,very st,"0 24,999",some,Secreta,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2364,DEE,1193,31,,F,    ,,usa    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,avera,moder,"0 24,999",colle,real es,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2365,ADC,1244,22,,F,At the time it happened I did not attribute a lot to it as I was young and not particularly interested in religion or spirituality. Now I think it was a beautiful gift from a dad who loved me in the best way he knew how.    ,,US Citize,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,moder,very st,"0 24,999",some,Secreta,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2366,OBE,1040,22,,F,"See above. Disillusioned, afraid, saw two young men, heard nothing. Thought... do I know you?    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2367,SDE,1535,30,,F,    ,,Canadian,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Some,secreta,,single,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2368,OBE,1044,29,,F,"I observed my sons spirit in a protective uniform of the canadian mounted horse police. Although a child that would have been mine on earth, he was still with me. He inferred later in my life that he would always be there to protect and guide me. I named him Joseph because he came to me at St Josephs hospital. Also, Chief Joseph was one of my favorite Native Chiefs at the time. I was elated after the incident. I knew he was mine and mine alone. That he survived as a guardian. It told me that my abortion did not kill anyones spirit. I learned that the childs spirit doesnt always enter the womb when conceived.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2369,DEE,1062,39,,F,"My first memory after the surgery was awakening in a very dark room and I was completely worn out from being cold. I was still shivering and all I could think about was being warm again. I was in a warming-type tube that was pumping hot air to warm me up. I have no idea of the time or how long I was drifting in and out of sleep. As I was lying there freezing &amp; shivering, I clearly remember that while my eyes were closed the light came on in the room. Instantly I was warm. I remember thinking, oh wow, I am finally warm. I was so relaxed and relieved to not be shivering. I was literally lying there basking in this warm light feeling so wonderful! At some point my logical side asked the question of who turned on the light? When I opened my eyes the entire room was filled with a brilliant light. What I remember very well was that this light although very bright, did not hurt my eyes. The light was beautiful, peaceful, pure. It is difficult to have the proper adjectives to describe this light. At some point I began looking around the room. Sitting at the foot of my bed was the figure of a man. I could not see his face as the light appeared to be radiating from behind Him. I knew without a doubt that this man was someone very important and spiritual. I felt no fear and had complete understanding at the time that I was in the presence of someone from heaven. Without speaking the way we do here on earth, He spoke to me. He said 4 very clear sentences to me. 1. You are going to be alright. 2. I have work for you to do. (I then asked, What kind of work? I will do anything.) 3. In My own time. 4. Now rest my child. It seemed that within a few seconds after the final message, the light went away and I immediately began shivering again and was cold.  I glanced over at my sleeping husband and said, did you see him? He looked at me as if I were crazy. I remember thinking that I had dreamt this but it was so very real, so physical and so peaceful. I was unable to really talk about this experience for a very long time. When I was able to share it, it was very, very emotional for me. I felt unworthy of this visit. Why me?  I also felt a profound peace concerning death. I knew without a shadow of a doubt that what I experienced was real and that when I did die, I would be going to a wonderful place where I would always be warm.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Biology,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2370,DEE,1193,31,,F,    ,,usa    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,avera,moder,"0 24,999",colle,real es,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2371,ME ,1507,20,,M,"After driving to my friends house after the concert we packed into his basement. No parents were home. Now at 12:30 at night I thought the effects of the mushrooms were wearing off. After staring at a spiral tapestry for a moment, I spun into a deep state of transcendence. I have had experience with psychedelics before in the past but never experienced anything close to what happened next. I sat in a circular cozy sofa and closed my eyes and my consciousness entered a dimension where it felt as if I had tapped into an eternal network of knowledge. Bursts of ideas regarding life and its wonders popped into my consciousness like bubbles, each identifying value which could not be explained by words very easily. An understanding of love was undeniable as it clearly is the adhesive force binding all of life. I understood that life requires a balance of the extremes and that death is nothing to fear but simply the critical point where our spirits transcend the physical realm. I could not see anything worth noting but the knowledge brought to my attention introduced me to the most profound spiritual presence I could ever ask to experience. This went o for roughly 5 hours as I would open my eyes occasionally and enter reality briefly only yo close them and dive back into the network.    ",,    Q.  Q,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,Student,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2372,ME ,1424,52,,F,"I believed, but did not know God exists. Now, I am certain. I dreamed of information that I had no knowledge of, and thus, could not have come from my subconscious. Later, when frightful dread permeated my mind and body, a suffering that could crush a soul, as my husband underwent quadruple bypass surgery on October 8, 2012, the information provided Divine Comfort. I am reverently thankful to the Divine Comfort that I held on to during the terrifying hours. While I prayed, the dream where my husband said, Just for 2 &#189; hours, was with me, together with the faith that I will have him back, alive and well, after that. Many thanks, all-good and all-loving God, for embracing my husband, our family, and me, especially through the very difficult 2 &#189; hours.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",colle,Busines,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2373,NDE,1337,49,,F,"I was made fun of by my abusers the second time, they were flashing a white light towards me telling me to die and go to heaven. It was hard to distinguish this from being real or unreal. Fortunately where I was dying I was able to pull my body away from this. For the most part the time, 2nd episode, I was there but completely out of touch with my body. At times I could hear talking and knew what was going on. I was so out of touch with any element around me. In 1990, I could feel the sharpness of the knife and a very long tube that was forced down my throat and the horrible pain of the scratching. I couldnt seem to come out of the anesthesia and would have died if the doctor didnt yell to me. My head came up off the table and back down again at that time.    ",,United St,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Executi,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2374,ME ,1154,18,,F,"Suddenly while listening to the tape, I had a profound and total sense that I was one with everything, I was looking at the sky through the window, and as I looked on the moon and the stars, I felt and knew that they were love. I dont know how to describe it other than everything WAS love, and I was one with everything. There was NO separation. The car seat in front of me, the empty can of soda, EVERYTHING. The feeling lasted breifly, maybe a matter of a minute or two. It was the single Best most amazing feeling I have ever had, and I only hope I will have it again one day, even if its not until the afterlife, I can wait. It just gives me hope.    ",,Citizen.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",Some,I was i,,single,separ,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2375,ADC,1438,24,,F,"My friends name was Jimmy and he had committed suicide days before. We met in what I can only describe as the most vibrant and alive meadow I have ever experienced.... I have never experienced such aliveness and vibrancy here on earth. It was just the two of us, but I gathered by some beautiful music/voices I could sense that we were not truly alone. I just remember feeling so happy and connected not only to him, but to everything around us. The flowers were buzzing with aliveness, the grass also and the sky just illuminated such a beautiful color of blue that felt alive in itself. He told me he wanted me to experience what he was getting to experience and to let me know he was happy and at peace and to please tell his parents about our visit and that he was happy and safe.     ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,small b,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2376,NDE,1248,27,,F,"I didnt see a light or anything, I was suddenly in this space (?) another dimension. I knew my nan was with me I couldnt see her but I felt her presence. In front of me was a panel of beings (they communicated telepathically with me). I was crying, begging them not to send me back as I didnt want to return. I was told that it wasnt my time, that I had to return as I had things I need to do. Suddenly I woke up with a crash team. I was crying and hysterical.     ",,EU reside,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",Some,Public,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2377,DEE,1484,12,,M,Explained in question 8    ,,American,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Weilder,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2378,OBE,1444,25,,F,I dont recall any of it...is was though i was in a trance...my spirit was being shared...what i do know for sure is that i have been chosen and have many life experiences to support that...i know the world we struggle to accept.    ,,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Pre-Med,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2379,OBE,1259,30,,F,"This sense of Oneness remained with me so tangibly and ther4e was a sense of Presence which lasted for many months. I used to wake up in the morning and my first thought was Is it still there?. I didnt see phenomena outside myself, it was a sense of Pure Being. It was as if a portion of my brain/mind had died or been forgotten and a new holistic awareness was now able to answer every question I had. I was drawn to classical music, especially Beethoven, and I bought Shakespeares works and felt I understood it all even though I had no interest before. This all began to happen 36 years ago and now its all a distant memory. But I KNOW God exists and that existence manifests as Love including Law.     ",,German,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2380,SDE,1308,41,,F,"After I fell to the ground and my father was with me we chatted like normal, then all of a sudden he said we have to go and see my step-mother and brother. The whole time I experienced this the beautiful warmth and light was upon me, to describe the light as best I can, is like having a massive spotlight place over you and the rim of the light is pure white and protective, inside the light is the perfect warmth, like the temperature is set to perfection. As we walked over to my step-mother I said to her please dont be afraid I have Dad with me and he wants you to know this, I then placed my hand just under her left shoulder and just above her breast and said Dad wants you to know he loves you with all his heart and soul the look on my step-mothers face was shock and tears welled in her eyes. We then walked over to my Brother (who had a 20 yr feud with my sister) I said to him again, please dont be afraid I have Dad with me and he wants you to know, with that I then placed my hand over his stomach, and said Dad understands the feud between he and my sister is deep seated within them and could they please let the past be and find a way to love each other again, my brother was also shocked....I told him again, not to be afraid. After I gave these messages to my family, we walked over to a rose garden, the whole time the light was with me and the most beautiful, euphoric feeling I can not describe was with me. In between the messages I kept repeating to Dad how beautiful it was. When we sat at the rose garden, Dad asked me if there was anything they could do (we werent allowed to tell him during the week he was dying) I said there wasnt the cancer had spread to most of his body and I just kept also repeating Look Dad, look how beautiful it is I was just in awe of it. With that he was gone and I was back to reality. I returned to the motel we were staying at, thinking that the experience was spurred on by lack of sleep or stress. I thought I was losing my mind. Later that day I returned to the Hospital and was in the kitchen when a nurse came in and I told her that I thought I had lost my mind and was it normal when a loved one was dying, I told her about what I had experienced and thinking she would agree that it was stress induced, the nurse (Paula) then stated that is exactly what Dad would experience when he does finally pass. I was shocked. We both returned to Dads room only to find he was awake and outside in the courtyard, with two other nurses beside him. We couldnt believe it. He was telling my brother, as best he could as for most of the week it was hard to make sense out of much he was saying to us, he told my brother he had enough and then looked straight at me and said I have had enough Im ready to go because its beautiful isnt it buttons (a nickname Dad callled me) I was shocked but replied with a smile and said It certainly is Dad. The most wonderful calm came across me and I knew then everything would be alright. Paula (the nurse) then placed her hand on my shoulder and said, There is your confirmation. Later the next day, we all couldnt believe it when my brother and sister were standing in Dads room, hugging each other and genuinely sharing a laugh together. I then softly whispered in Dads ear, See Dad, you did it, I heard you and they are getting along now, everything is ok and you can go now. I know he heard me as I felt a weak grip on my hand as I was holding his hand. A few days later I found out that the messages I had given to my step-mother and brother were almost identical to what my Dad was trying to say the morning I had the experience with my father. I wasnt in the room at the time.    ",,Australia,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",High,Busines,,marri,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2381,ME ,1212,51,,F,"Two of my dear friends and I were in a trio during the practicum of our masters program. For this exercise, I was the client, my friend was the therapist,and another friend was a neutral observer. I was determined to get answers from Steve and absolutely refused to make anything up! In a Gestalt, you invite another person (who is not physically present) to sit in a chair across from you and talk to them. When youve said whatever you want to say, you trade chairs, sitting in the guests chair and wait to see what they say back to you (through you). I told Steve about all my regrets regarding him and my mothering of him. I poured out my heart and asked his forgiveness. When I moved into (his) chair, I just waited, determined to really hear from Steve or hear nothing at all. All of a sudden I felt this huge whoosh of energy coming from the upper right and landing on me. I could sense Steves effort to reduce his energy down to match mine. He said, in great excitement, (and this sounded exactly like Steve who loved mechanical things and physics and was a dare-devil) Mom! Youll never guess what Im getting to do up here! (It was said with such excitement. It was obvious he was in heaven! Finally he quieted and said, Mom, all the things I did to hurt you and all the things you did to hurt me are just stuff that happens on earth. Now were free to just love each other. A minute later he left.    ",,US citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2382,NDA,1380,59,,F,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2383,NDE,1389,47,,F,see #8    ,,US    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"100,000+",post,psychol,,divor,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2384,ME ,1322,24,,M,    ,,American,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2385,SDE,1210,58,,F,    ,,British c,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Prefer no,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2386,ME ,1126,51,,F,"I felt at one with a far greater presence than I had ever felt...a loving, and entirely loving presence..... I think the presence was there to help me and to help my father as he passed from this world to the next. I felt I was being thanked for being with my father, and being shown a little of what Love really is. I felt immensely grateful and honoured by the exprience    ",,British C,1 2000,atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I ran a,,marri,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2387,PLR,1472,3,,F,More of a feeling and a knowingness that my thoughts were unquestionable truths and that I could access these truths as a strength and assurance in this life when I needed them...but honestly--I didnt want to be here and wanted to be back with God and I remember my soul ACHED.....in remembering ...    ,,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,"baby, n",,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2388,DEE,1452,49,,F,It was a long time ago. I dont remember any sound or light just the most incredible source of love I will never forget.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Airline,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2389,ME ,1235,81,,F,    ,,Citizen,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2390,OBE,1524,21,,F,So I was sitting upright and looking at the end of the bed where I felt a presence not one person but a group of people. I actually could not see these people they did not reveal themselves. I saw an outline like an aura white and thin foggy. Someone said to me telepathically come over. I hesitated scared I remember and said Im not ready. Then snap I was lying down again and opened my eyes. The room was exactly how I saw it through them closed other than the beings were gone. I felt like I knew these people intimately more than the people I know in this world even though I couldnt see them I sensed they were close to me like family like my real family. I felt I could trust them but that I hadnt completed my purposes on earth yet. I was in effect asking for more time. So it seemed in the ensuing days that followed I made a conscious effort to stop satisfying myself and helping others.    ,,New Zeala,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,moder,"50,000 99",maste,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2391,ADC,1377,51,,M,This is the actual text message I sent Subject: Message from Mum Hi Lone Im just awake and have just finished relaying to Sue a dream I have just finished having about an hour ago. This was unlike ANYTHING I have ever experienced in my life and I guess u may believe what Im about to say or not then thats fine. It was a message from Mum for me and us all. Ill try to describe it but the detail was as good if not better than real life. Ok this is what I was shown and told by Mum mainly. Others I saw were Dad and you. Everyone is happy and come and go busy doing exactly what they want in real life just the same. Same voices same mannerisms and smiling. As you think of some one some place or some thing it materialises and its there for you to touch use and even the smells are the same. The detail blew me away as Mum walked me from room to room by my arm and showed me that her home is still alive and well and shes home living there with all her gear pictures everything. I saw the laundry all full. I gave Mum a big kiss and she was happy to see me and have me visit. Each room was perfect right down to the wood grain on the cupboard doors and wardrobes. It was clearer than I can even remember now. I could touch and feel everything. I said can I look in the huts and I did opening the door and checking both out. The smell was the same lol. They were full of junk And I said to Mum how come and she said we keep all the extra gear in there because us kids arnt there. When I was inside the house if I concentrated real hard I could almost see the burnt walls and floors like a shadow or silhouette but Mum said to me firmly with a serious look on her face that she is NOT going to allow me to see that and it vanished. She said that our home exists in two different places at once. Its like one place is on 92fm and her place is 102fm. They share the same place or space but out of tune so u dont see the other. Anyway we had visitors come and go with cups of tea. Dad arrived in from up the farm smiling and whistling. You arrived for a visit and chat also happy and smiling. Everything coming and going as I thought of them. When I was in Mums old bedroom with the built in mirror I tried to look at myself but when I did I was like a ghost. Very faint and just a shape. And yet I could see the bloody grain in the varnished doors right beside. We went to the A&amp;P show and there were not many people there but it was on. What happens is only the people you knew and think about come through. This explains how in the spirit world its not jammed packed with every person who has passed on just your loved ones and friends coming and going like real life. Ok back home again and Muns really young and beautiful probably in her twenties. See they can appear as any age they want. I knew it was mum. I swung her around then she fell over a chair laughing. I had tea with Mum and now the afternoon was getting darker it was time for me to go. I have her a big hug and began to cry with joy. I knew I was experiencing a dream but it was much too real for just a memory and I could ask questions. I thought I would wake Sue with my crying but I went back to Mum. She smiled and said she is happy and well and not to fear. I asked her if I could come and visit her again but she got serious again and said no but she will think about it. I said how about once a week and I begged her but she smiled and said maybe. Oh well I thought. I walked out the gate and some guys standing on the driveway who looked like Eddie yates. He was wearing a parka and there was a farm implement behind him. I said to him who are you ? and he told me his name. Random spirits appear too and he was out the gate and seemed to be waiting for Dad to come out to see him. I hopped into my car yes u can drive in the afterlife but its cool . You dont have miles of boring nothingness. Next second Im on my way home to Hokitika and I stop in a town. I got out at a park and some guys sitting there in his car with his mouth wide open looking at me. I said what are u looking at ? He says you are bloody flying and floating up in the air. I said so ... You can too come on up so he hops out and flies up to me. He was hopeless and tumbled over. I laughed. Then I awoke in bed at home with tears running down my cheeks and so bloody happy I had to wake Sue and relay this story. It was not a dream but was a real experience. It was like a near death experience without the death. I could see anything I wanted and ask questions at will. I feel a lot more content about home and Mum and I have been shown a glimpse of heaven. It was SOOO nice I can see why Mum is restricting my return. If u stay and dont go back you die and its not my time. But we are allowed to visit but only when our loved ones allow us. I hope this makes sense and I was pleased to see you there too,,New Zeala,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Vehicle,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2392,DEE,1095,61,,F,"I was very concerned about a pending operation and had a 2nd consultation with my surgeon. Previously, when it became clear to me that I needed an operation, I had an inner feeling to look at a local hospital website. I selected this particular surgeon as being most compatible with my needs, and again had an inner feeling that she was right for me.  When we entered the consulting room, a turquoise colour human like shape followed the surgeon. This entity sat beside me during the entire vist as my sugeon described the procedure and aftercare to me. I felt a sense of peace and reassurance from this figure which I would describe as being most likely her guide.     ",,British,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,yoga tu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2393,ADC,1445,27,,F,I awoke in a lot of pain and saw an orb like light that immediately came to me and helped ease my pain it told me that everything would be okay and not to worry. It didnt really speak it told me telepathically and I immediately thought it was my Grandfather. The orb soothed my pain and I feel asleep. I woke the next day knowing it was not a dream. When I went to the doctor they told my there was no heartbeat of the baby anymore and later told me I may contract Cancer. I was never afraid because I knew my grandfather took my baby to heaven and that I would be okay.    ,,citizen,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Some,Secreta,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2394,OBE,1559,49,,M,"I think it was November 2014, I was doing my meditation and this time I focused on my concern about IS and asked why this is allowed to exist. I received instantly an answer. A thick blanket of love came over me from my feet to my head. This was symbolic and like an introduction for the next images. I was shown a large area. A kind of birds eye view was shown to me and a thick blanket of love was pulled over that area which was taken by IS. It became clear to me that this blanket of love was made by numerous souls who were concerned and sending their love. This love was enormous and the concern was like from a mother towards her children. It became clear to me that the love was there and it could heal if people wanted to. It was up to them (the IS-soldiers). Their (the IS-soldiers) decision, their free will, was the result of the mess and suffering. I was told to be not afraid. Never!    ",,Dutch nat,"50,000",spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Diploma,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2395,ADC,1203,40,,F,"He looked at me and said Hey, Lis. I jut stood there, did not step any closer toward the car. He was the only one who called me Lis. I said hi back to him. he said he wanted to thank me for all the prayers and that he was ok now. he said did I know he would have been 50? I said I didnt realize that but I was 40 now and I know he was 10 years older. I felt surprised to see him. he looked so good, happy and healthy. he hadnt looked like that when he died.    ",,I am an A,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,Nursw,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2396,NDE,1491,38,,M,"My best memory is first being in a very dark place as if I was flying down it was very scary and then I heard a very dark un recognizable voice that introduced himself as Lucifer. I was being told all the bad things about hell and I became very stressed and scared when all of a sudden a brigh light appeared along with the most angelic voice I had ever heard I cant explain how comforting the voice was and it spoke to me saying  dont worry you have an angel,at your side I never saw images of either lucifer or the angel just very distinct voices. I felt this unbelievable calmness after this beautiful voice spoke to me I felt in a very timeless place where physical beings were not present I just felt this unconditional love around me. When I awoke from my coma the first thing I said when I could speak was God is a woman I told this to my wife. I then asked her wht happened to me as I could not remember at first why I was in the hospital, the doctors told me I was dreaming and the drugs could cause thse kinds of things but never in my life had I used the word Lucifer or heard such an angelic voice. Ive kept quit about my experience except to my direct family until my wife bought me the proof off heaven book    ",,Current c,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,avera,avera,"100,000+",Did not,Self em,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2397,ADC,1146,41,,F,"An orb of very bright light very abruptly came down from the sky and settled on the empty front passenger seat of my minivan. It was so bright I could not look directly at it. I heard my fathers voice say, I will take care of your mother. Then it was instantly gone. I was so upset I cried the rest of the way to the school, about 5 minutes. Two days later my mothers only remaining brother passed away very unexpectedly.    ",,United St,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,chemica,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2398,DEE,1393,16,,F,"It was pure feeling, I didnt hear or see anything this feeling wrapped right around me like I was beng held, it vibrated through my whole body from feet to head and I felt it with every single cell of my body, then the words filled my core, like I was a stick of rock, they seemed to come vertically through me I could see them and feel them you are special it felt like if you cut me open you would see those words etched onto my insides, the words were huge and I could feel them, I could feel their meaning so powerfully, words fall short of describing it.    ",,Britush,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Child a,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2399,ADC,1131,47,,F,"As above, in 43, I told my beloved pet I loved him and missed him, looking at his box of ashes I had received two hours earlier, lying on the floor at his favorit espot. I saw a gold light rise from his box of ashes. I said outloud what the hell! I called my husband and my sister and my sister-in-law and I asked Do you want to hear about my miracle. It affected me immediately. I knew immediately that there is much more to life than we think. I felt compelled to go the Barnes and Nobles the next day and purchase books. I ended up in the New Age section of Barnes and Nobles, which I had never done before. I bought about four or five books on after death contact with beloved pets. Some books had only one story, such as James Van Praaghs book Talking to Heaven. I bought Melvin Morse book and Raymond Moody books. I was compelled to visit web sites on the Internet, Guggenheims adc project web site, Jeff Longs NDE and after-death web site. I very proudly shared my story with anyone who would listen, wanting them to know their loved ones are okay and they will see them again some day.    ",,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Self-em,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2400,OBE,1500,39,,M,    ,,Born in t,2001 2,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,avera,littl,"50,000 99",maste,For the,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2401,DEE,1525,23,,F,"Above my bed, I saw three balls/orbs of white light which did not cast light on the rest of the room. I sat up straight in bed and started slapping my face to make sure I was awake. The orbs kept dancing around each other for probably a minute. I did not know what to do so I just watched. I was even more surprised when they started dancing toward the ceiling and then just went through it as if there was no barrier there at all. The balls appeared substantial themselves, so I was quite baffled when they didnt even slow down as they danced through the ceiling.    ",,US    Q.,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,avera,littl,"100,000+",post,Medical,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2402,ME ,1549,56,,F,See answers above.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unity,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",docto,Mother,,divor,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2403,ME ,1122,23,,M,"When I began to read the bible, not much made sense, but as I came to the 14th verse I instantly knew before I read the verse that this was my answer. As I began to read each word it was though heaven opened up. All I could say was yes...as the words came part of my being...I have written to you, young men, Because you are strong, and the word of God lives in you, and you have overcome the evil one. A river of unconditional love began to flow through the top of my head and completely washed into my body. I began to cry for joy. It was so holy and so far beyond my human conception that I felt I was going to die because it was just to holy to bare. I instantly understood that I was a child of God, completely loved and accepted. No longer was God some idea up in heaven, but was part of me. I also felt as though God had always been with me and it was I who was not searching. I was now completely free as though released from a prison and now my life is beginning. I had no more fear of death and knew that God really existed and there is an afterlife. And that the God who I grew up with was not judgmental but all loving.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2404,ADC,1409,39,,F,"I looked to my right and saw Bob standing there looking just as he always had except that he looked very happy. He looked happier than I had ever seen him in the 13 years we were together. Maybe contented is a better description. We had a conversation. I know we did. But I cant recall a single word. As soon as it was over, I couldnt remember what he said or why he came. All I remember clearly is his smile. What I had thought was a brilliant sun light coming through a window was actually a mist-like energy. He turned and walked into it, becoming part of it. The room returned to normal. I got frightened and wondered what I had just seen. I scooted down under the covers without coving my eyes. I was in total shock. It was real, but what was it? Was it a premonition? Was I supposed to take action? Then I remembered his smile and decided action wasnt necessary. I didnt know what to do but try to forget it and go on. As far as I knew, Bob was fine and living across town.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Associa,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2405,NDA,1245,37,,F,"It was beautiful, calm and peaceful. I felt at peace with the death of a 21 year old woman my sense was that she was leaving earth only, but only to go elsewhere.     ",,US Citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,Executi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2406,DEE,1420,15,,M,"On the third day in the hospital, the day I had planned to end my life, I spent the only night of my treatment without a roommate. In hindsight, however, I know that I was not alone that evening. During a period of intense reflection, I decided to open the Bible that was provided in each room. I casually flipped through the pages and eventually turned to the back cover where someone had scribbled a few of their favorite verses, one of which was Ecclesiastes 7:17. I immediately located chapter 7 / verse 17 in the very top right corner of the page, next to the page number of 717, where the number 717 was scratched in pen directly above the page number. I was strangely comforted and terrified simultaneously as I read the words, \xe2\x80\x9cBe not over much wicked; neither be thou foolish. Why shouldest thou die before thy time.\xe2\x80\x9d The rest of the chapter proceeds to advise the reader against submitting to the extremes of both righteousness and wickness, foolishness and wisdom, and purity and profane. Ill always have a physical monument of this miraculous affirmation of Gods love for me because, like the heathen I am, I took advantage of my lone solitary evening in the hospitial to secretly remove the passage which I carry on my person to this day.  Though I did not realize it until ten years after the fact, this was a covenent with God that was initiated before I ever even entered the hospital. Shortly before I plotted my suicide and entered the hospital, I had carved a cross into my chest and filled it with black ink as I selfishly pleaded with God to end my girlfriends unintended pregnancy. At the age of fifteen, my shortsighted naivity deluded my judgment into thinking this child would mark the end of my existence. Shortly thereafter, my girlfriend miscarried an innocent life whose destiny was not its own. I had desperately pleaded with God to change the course of my life and received more than I bargained for when, to my surprise, our covenent was sealed during that third evening in that hospital. The undoubted reason that God used the trifect appearance of 717 to get my attention is because 717 indicates the month and day of my birth on July 17, 1987. It was through this miracle that God sealed our first covenant with the symbol of 717. Little did I know, this was only the beginning of a wealth of revelations that have continued to unfold through the present day.    ",,United St,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I was 1,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2407,NDE,1117,30,,M,"I was walking along a road. It was not paved, but a gravel path, very nicely maintained with beautiful flowers along the sides. The road started in a valley and went up a hill towards a very beautiful mansion or palace with a gate in front of it. It was far off in the distance from where I began to walk, I can\xe2\x80\x99t say how far exactly. On either side of the road, the land sloped away sharply, like going off a cliff, so if one fell off the road, one would land in a deep, dark pit. From the pit one could hear sounds of agony, wailing, and lamenting from human beings who were down there. Some tried to claw their way up and grab at me on the road, but I knew they could not actually reach me. I was a little afraid at first, as I knew this to be the pit of hell. The road was not narrow, however, so there was no danger of me falling off the road. I began walking towards the gate, all the while the lost souls wailing until I got near to the gate. Close to the gate, they were no longer around. The mansion was very beautiful. The whole environment was other-worldly, somehow glittering and radiant. I knew I was on another plane, no longer on Earth. I could hear the gentle music of stringed instruments in the background, very soothing and lovely. Eventually I started nearing the gate of the mansion or palace. The mansion was actually quite far from the gate, but one could see radiant beings behind the gate going about their daily activities. Some were carrying baskets with flowers and all were going about their daily routine. There was complete unity and love there, unlike the way people on Earth behave. It was serene and peaceful, just a wonderful place, and I really wanted so much to go inside. There were four winged angels guarding the gate on the outside, two on each side, and as I approached, they moved together and crossed their arms, blocking my entry. They were radiant beings, clearly not human. They were so very kind, but were not going to let me in, although they did not say anything to that effect. There was so much joy and peace there, I tried to get by them, when a group of beings from inside approached the gate to talk to me. An elderly \xe2\x80\x9cgentleman\xe2\x80\x9d (not a human being) with white hair spoke to me. Although he was right in front of me, his voice sounded like he was very, very far away. It was almost like I was hearing an echo of something said in the distance. He said I would be there at a point in time, but not yet, that my mission was incomplete and that I still had a lot more to accomplish. He was very kind and spoke gently to me, absolutely convincing me that I could not get in. Until this moment, I had really not thought about anything relating to my earthly life, although I knew who I was. I was dressed as I was the day of the accident. When he told me that I could not enter, only then did I start to try to think about what had really happened to me and what was going on. I thought it odd that I was the only person around and there were no dogs or other animals. As I was considering all this, I left that place. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know if I actually regained consciousness at that precise moment, but I suspect I did. I did not recognize any people whom I knew previously who had died. I also did not know any of the people in the pit.    ",,Ghana,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,I was a,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2408,ADC,1172,54,,F,"While drifting off to sleep, a man appeared at the foot of my bed, dressed in an old uniform, which I later discovered was an army uniform, and he was smiling and looked happy. He obviously wanted me to see him, as he just stood there, and I said, What are you doing here? And I was totally calm, not scared at all, and then he faded away. My husband in the next room heard what I had said and shouted back, What? And I answered, oh, nothing and I knew that something significant had happened, but didnt know for sure what. The next day, I asked my mother and sister if my Uncle Dan had ever served in the army, and the answer was yes. I really believe that Dan appeared to me because I am receptive to these kinds of experiences, and because he wanted my mother to know that he was o.k., in his young body, and no longer afflicted by the physical problems he had before he died. I thought then that the real purpose of his visit was so that my mother could tell his wife, who still survived, that he was o.k. My mother never did tell her, as she was not a believer of these kinds of things. My mother passed away recently, and Dans daughter, my cousin, sent me a card that stated that her dad adored my mother, his little sister. I now know that purpose of his visit was not so that his wife would know that he was o.k., but so that his sister, whom he adored, would know that he was o.k.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Counsel,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2409,OBE,1495,4,,F,"I remember my mother calling out to my aunt. . .watch her, she likes to stand on the edge of the tub. The next thing I remember is seeing myself being carried by my aunt and placed on the couch. I was watching from above. My aunt was crying and my mother was pulling curlers from her hair. My aunt told her to nevermind her hair, then picked me up and carried me to the car. I did not feel anything. I was an observer. I had no emotion. I had no body that I was aware of. I saw myself laying In the back seat of the car and was seeing the event as a movie, but always from above. It wasnt like I was even connected to them somehow yet I knew who they were and I knew it was me. The next thing I remember is seeing my aunt carrying me through the parking lot with my mother beside her. As we entered the hospital I was laid on a gurney. I heard a nurse say shes going to regurgitate. The next thing I remember was waking up in my own bed, walking into our kitchen where my mother, father, aunt, &amp; grandmother were talking around the table and someone said. . . well look whos awake! and everyone hugged me. I never thought about it until one day when I was a teen, my mother and aunt brought it up and I made fun of my mother needing to do her hair before taking me to the hospital and she said, how do you know that? You were out cold.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,    Q.,,single,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2410,ME ,1543,44,,F,"As I stopped at the stop sign I suddenly was aware that I had a second set of eyelids, like some animals do. For the first time ( and so far the last) these eyelids opened. I could see, or it was somehow communicated to me, the reason for all the suffering in the world. I think I said out loud,Oh I see. I understand. It made sense to me. Then, these eyelids closed and I was there at the stop sign in the dark.    ",,U.S. citi,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Airline,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2411,OBE,1500,39,,M,    ,,Born in t,2001 2,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,avera,littl,"50,000 99",maste,For the,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2412,ADC,1274,52,,F,My observation was the ethereal vision of my mother and my fathers arms hugging me around my shoulders. Both my brother &amp; I had no question whos hug it was as he did it often with his kids. There was no sound that specifically went with anything seen or felt...just the sounds of the hospital. I learned that my father came for my mother and took her Home with him...what a great feeling to know/feel.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Corpora,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2413,SDE,1063,42,,F,"After my siblings left the room, I turned around to see my Mom sitting a bit slumped on the bed. She lifted her head and looked at me through the eyes of her mother, Clara, with whom I had spent many years of my life living with and loving.  I was so certain of this and did not question it in my mind but it shocked me to the core so that I could only stand still and stare at her in wonderment.  The moment soon passed and I continued to feel wonderment and immense relief that my grandmother had come to be with my mom during her last days on earth and lead her to heaven.  My only regret that still brings me distress is that I was immobile the instant I experienced this transformation and I did not rush over to give her a hug, or speak my love and welcome, but instead could only stand frozen in shock. It took me several hours to process what I had witnessed.    ",,Citizen U,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"100,000+",High,Custome,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2414,OBE,1236,41,,F,"It took a second to collect my thoughts as I had never spontaneously gone out-of-body while awake unless I had been consciously trying to. Once alert, I noticed an older truck in my direct view. It was an odd, faded color of purple. As the color caught my attention, the truck hummed to life. A man had started the motor and was backing up.  Behind the truck, sitting in the driveway playing, was a small child aged 2-3. Horrified, I watched as the truck backed over the little child. Intuitively I knew it was the boys father who had unknowingly run over, and killed the child.  Immediately the infant boys essense popped out of his body. There was a translucent quality to it, but for me it was more of a strong sensing of his presence. He was bewildered, and unsure of what to do. Disoriented.  Having had an NDE some seven years prior, I knew that I was there to lead this little one to the Light. I mentally asked him if I could help, and he agrred. Following my lead, we drifted toward a pinpoint of Light in the far distance. He calmed significantly and headed on toward the Light. I melded back into my body and became physically alert again.    ",,Citizen,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Financi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2415,SDE,1277,62,,F,"I was attending a morning funeral of my Bible Study leader, a very kind man named David C., on Saturday, March 15, 2008 at the Trinity Episcopal Church in New York. The large church was packed, as David was much beloved. He was a top executive at Citibank and many co-workers were there. David was a fairly young man at 50 when he passed suddenly of a massive heart attack while he was working out before work at his local gym. While sitting in the church listening to Davids eulogies, his beloved friend and pastor (forgot his name) got up to speak at the front of the church, with Davids coffin near him. I suddenly looked up and midway between the peoples heads and the high ceiling, I saw something that looked different. It was air. Normally, you do not see air but I saw an oval-shaped, contained body of wavy air about 6-7 feet long, hovering near the front of the church where the people were sitting. The wavy air didnt move from its position. It didnt go up or down or right or left. I didnt hear anything, taste anything or touch anything while looking at this image. I just saw it. I didnt feel anything in particular. I just stared at it, without feeling, which is how I usually react when Im witnessing a miracle or something spiritual from God. At some point I stopped looking at it, probably when the funeral was over. In the next day or two I thought about the contained body of wavy air and then I knew that was Davids spirit or soul watching his own funeral, wanting to be there with his beloved wife, sons, family, friends and co-workers. I sent an email to everyone I knew at the funeral to tell them that Davids soul was present with us at his funeral. I hand wrote a note to Davids widow, Cathy, to tell her that David was with her and their sons at his funeral. No one responded to my mail. What the viewing of the wavy air told me was that the Soul and/or Spirit is real. I saw it with my own eyes. Also, that we humans dont really die, we pass on. Yes, our bodies die but our souls are then released and return back into Eternity with God. I like to tell as many people as I can the comforting news that we dont really die, we pass on. And that the Soul, Spirit is real and returns to God when we pass. Some people express comfort to me when I tell them. Some people just stare at me. I feel my job is to just tell people the good news of what I experience spiritually. Whether they believe me or not is up to them. I dont try to convince them that what Im saying is true. I just tell them for them to do with whatever they like.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2416,ME ,1506,44,,F,"I was able to see all my chakras in my meditation..vivid colour red, orange, golden yellow and beautiful green and pink for the heart. I was unable to draw this ecstatic energy to my throat. The explosion of ecstasy or it felt like an orgasm was when it opened up from my heart center. There was no sound or smell but I saw the vast universe and it was filled with Unconditonal LOVE. Love that I have never felt so intensely before in my life.    ",,Landed im,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,YOga te,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2417,ME ,1230,18,,M,"As I continued to pray, full of fear but knowing that someone must be listening, I suddenly felt an astonishingly immense, peaceful calm descend on me, and wash through my body from head to foot. It was as if someone had poured a bucket of peace onto my head and it ran down through me all the way to my feet. I cant describe the feeling it gave me, but as I watched and felt this peace, I saw my friends stepfather hesitate. My friend was still yelling, brandishing a chair while his stepdad wielded that baseball bat. The bat was lowered, and his stepfather muttered that he didnt want to hurt him any more. My friend continued to challenge, but began to relax, and his stepfather turned and walked back into the house. The peace stayed with me, and I said goodbye to my friends, got into my car and drove home. Ill never forget that feeling and the certain knowledge that God had given me the gift of peace that night.    ",,"Citizen,","251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2418,DEE,1370,28,,F,"I left the interview in a state of prayer. I wanted so badly to work in this hospital Whenever I do enter hospitals I am always aware of other Helper Beings are present. I was standing in the middle of the hallway, started to walk away, turned around and saw Jesus. I knew he wanted me to see him, to let me know he was there, had always been there even though times had been hard. he poured out an amazing indescribably love energy, but I also saw sadness in his face and some sorrow for those who suffer. He was carrying my pain.    ",,Canadian,"251,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,high sc,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2419,ADC,1081,46,,F,I have 30 journals with all 285 dreams.    ,,United st,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Junio,Clothin,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2420,DEE,1319,51,,F,"I awoke at 2:00 a.m. and noticed a dim light that appeared to be emanating from the wall in the hallway. I thought that was odd, as all the lights in our apartment were turned off and my husband was asleep in the living room. I sat up in bed to get a closer look when I saw two images very clearly displayed on the hallway wall, which appeared in the center of that dim light. They were two shadows, one in the shape of a butterfly and one in the shape of a dove. They were quite detailed. The butterfly, for example, had the veins in its wings prominently outlined as if it were made of stained glass- but it was a shadow, in black and white. The dove also appeared to resemble an image you might see on stained glass, only black and white. I sat up further and spoke out loud to myself: I am awake. This is real. What I am seeing is real... Then, the butterflys wings began to move and it flew up the wall and to the ceiling, where it disappeared. Next, the doves wings began to flutter, and it also moved up toward the ceiling and disappeared. I had the intense impression that this was a sign that I had moved in a positive spiritual direction that day, by having that talk earlier with my husband in which I opened up about myself. I felt very, very happy. Not ecstatic, just happy. I remember smiling intensely before going back to sleep.    ",,US    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,weekly,seldom,moder,littl,"100,000+",maste,Speech-,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2421,OBE,1495,4,,F,"I remember my mother calling out to my aunt. . .watch her, she likes to stand on the edge of the tub. The next thing I remember is seeing myself being carried by my aunt and placed on the couch. I was watching from above. My aunt was crying and my mother was pulling curlers from her hair. My aunt told her to nevermind her hair, then picked me up and carried me to the car. I did not feel anything. I was an observer. I had no emotion. I had no body that I was aware of. I saw myself laying In the back seat of the car and was seeing the event as a movie, but always from above. It wasnt like I was even connected to them somehow yet I knew who they were and I knew it was me. The next thing I remember is seeing my aunt carrying me through the parking lot with my mother beside her. As we entered the hospital I was laid on a gurney. I heard a nurse say shes going to regurgitate. The next thing I remember was waking up in my own bed, walking into our kitchen where my mother, father, aunt, &amp; grandmother were talking around the table and someone said. . . well look whos awake! and everyone hugged me. I never thought about it until one day when I was a teen, my mother and aunt brought it up and I made fun of my mother needing to do her hair before taking me to the hospital and she said, how do you know that? You were out cold.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,    Q.,,single,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2422,ME ,1099,60,,F,We observed Stan in the rocking chair next to his bed with his finger on his forehead as he always did. We didnt hear anything but noted that later on he was in the bed covered up. I didnt really feel anything other than it was a normal Sunday morning.    ,,US Citize,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",docto,Educati,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
2423,ME ,1508,49,,M,we were sitting down in my dining room enjoying a BBQ steak dinner when my mother appeared to Stephen holding some objects that only I knew about chiefly a ball of white yarn a knitted baby dress  trimmed in  purple and knitting needles. He never knew  she knitted much less NEVER met her before she died. I started cryingand shaking because I knew it to be true the baby dresses she knitted and gave aways as gifts  for christening the babies    ,,landed,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,Fed gov,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2424,ME ,1516,69,,F,"An overwhelming feeling of love descended on me. I cannot adequately describe the feeling. the feeling was all encompassing and enveloped every cell in my body. i had never experienced that kind of love and have not experienced it since. If I could I would live in it. I knew who was sending me that love, it was a parrot that i had as a pet. i sold him to a lady who gave him a great life.   Around that same time the sister that died in 2008 sent me the same kind of love. In both of these cases I did not know that they had died.    ",,Citizen o,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Registe,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2425,ME ,1176,54,,F,"I found myself in a tunnel comprised of dark red glass aperture-like structures which were opening up like a cameras aperture to receive me. I forced myself to look to the left to try to ascertain where I was. In between the aperture blades I could see I was in outer space. I saw a black sky all around with stars. When I turned to move forward again I could see in the distance what appeared to be the end of the tunnel. It was made up of a beige inflatable cushion-type structure. I quickly moved forward to reach the end. I was greeted by an elder angelic-like spirit who began asking me questions almost to verify my identity. I answered them, but after a while, I questioned why I needed to answer all these questions. After that, the being stepped to the right and before me I saw a bright blue sky with perfectly shaped green trees, which had leaves rustling by a gentle breeze, though I could not feel the breeze. Beyond the trees, I saw green lush rolling hills that seemed to go on forever. From my left appeared my deceased father, as he would have been at about 35 years old dressed all in white \xe2\x80\x93 a short-sleeved white tee shirt and white cotton-type pants. He had been 54 when he died. He seemed to communicate telepathically to me but I responded using physical speech. He initially asked me how I was. We turned in the direction of the rolling hills again and this time I saw many people all dressed in white silently walking in the right direction. I did not know these people or where they were going. He suggested we sit at a concrete garden table to the left with 2 concrete benches on either side. Beyond the table I noticed a one-story concrete building with no windows or doors that I could see. My father wanted to know how I was and said he was concerned about me. At the time, I was undergoing radiation therapy for breast cancer (DCIS ductal carcinoma in situ, stage 0). I reassured him there was no need for concern as the radiation wasnt bothering me at all and the DCIS was not ever fatal. He told me he was very proud of me. After a time, He asked me to come around the table to where he was sitting so I could give him a hug goodbye. As I did, he asked me to forgive him. The encounter was pleasant up to that point. When he asked me to forgive him, all my memories of how he had been a strict disciplinarian came back to me and I started to feel badly, reliving those feelings I had as a child and teenager. After that, I woke up very quickly.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,vice pr,,divor,divor,Unc,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2426,DEE,1525,23,,F,"Above my bed, I saw three balls/orbs of white light which did not cast light on the rest of the room. I sat up straight in bed and started slapping my face to make sure I was awake. The orbs kept dancing around each other for probably a minute. I did not know what to do so I just watched. I was even more surprised when they started dancing toward the ceiling and then just went through it as if there was no barrier there at all. The balls appeared substantial themselves, so I was quite baffled when they didnt even slow down as they danced through the ceiling.    ",,US    Q.,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,avera,littl,"100,000+",post,Medical,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2427,ME ,1551,25,,M,I explained everything in detail in the previous section.    ,,Iranian n,"100,00",atheist,spiritual,Muslim,Muslim,,,weekly,never,moder,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2428,ADC,1051,63,,M,"(See above). Three days after this experience, many of our extended family came to our house for support and to trade stories about Darrell. Before Darrells favorite niece, jessica, left for home, I told of the story of what had happened just after she had died. She went home and called me an hour later. She had just Googled the words the peace of God which passeth all understanding and found that it came from Pauls firts letter to the Phillipeans. There was a blog with entries from people who had commented about this phrase, basically how they had found so much comfort from them. The first blog was from someone named Darrell.    ",,US citize,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,Consult,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2429,ADC,1364,25,,F,"I sat on the edge of the bed as Shawn tried to comfort me, my crying seemed to intensify with the downpour of the rain. I looked up at the ceiling in our bedroom asking God for a sign. I asked him as a Catholic, saying out loud: I have faith and I know they say he is in a better place, but I need MORE! I need PROOF that he is OKAY! And just as I shouted this at God a sudden loud bang and flash of white light filled the bedroom. Shawn and I physically jumped out of bed because the crash was so loud we thought the window was going to crash in on us. We looked at each other, puzzled. Was that for us? Because the timing was just as if God was answering my prayer. Just as that happened we began to calm down and the rain also subsided. I told Shawn that it felt like an answer from God and it was so strange. The next morning Shawn went out to our car that was parked on the street. He heard muffled music playing that grew louder as he got nearer. When he opened the car door the radio was blasting music very loud on my brothers favourite radio station. When Shawn tried to shut the radio off, it would not turn off, he had to pull the system out of its dock to make it turn off. The radio remained like that for years. The wires were fried because that night our building and our car was hit by lightening, the very lightening that crashed outside our window at the very moment I asked God for a sign / for proof that John was okay. That isnt the end of it. From then on it was like the floodgates had opened. I got all kinds of signs from John, all kinds of instances of after-death communication, including a full apparition, physical phenomenon, electronic phenomenon and I would like to share that all here. I could write my own book about all the signs John gave me and my family after his death. He loved us so much his love transcended death and the tragedy of his loss made it that much more important that he get through to us and let us know he was okay. And God made it possible for him to do that.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Teacher,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2430,DEE,1101,54,,F,"In the evening on Friday, after seeing my mother, I went to a small party I promised I would attend. I left the party at 9:30 and came home. As I was getting ready to go to bed, the light was on in my room, and in the outside hallway. My husband was standing on the other side of the bed, and I was planning my day in my head about which florist I would buy the flowers from. Out of the blue- and this is very difficult to describe-there was a presence that looked like the jet stream that comes from a squid. It looked powdery, or liquid, or smokey and was black, and it shot past the door, which had reflected light on it from the hallway. At the very same instant, a voice said to me, you need to let go, your mother is going to die tonight. I was stunned and turned around and put my hands to my face. What was most amazing was the authority that I could hear, but there was no audible voice. The command and presence of this visitor inspired my respect, but I felt its compassion. I tried to understand if it was male or female, and have often thought it might be male, but young. The next morning at 7:00, the board and care contacted me. My mom had died during the night.     ",,U.S. Citi,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,avera,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Adminis,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All distressing,adult
2431,PLR,1194,42,,F,See #43.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",post,Clinica,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2432,DEE,1251,40,,F,"My experience happened approximately 2 weeks after Sept 11, 2001. I had been meditating in bed and felt myself drift off. My now ex-husband was sleeping next to me. Suddenly there was a bright light surrounding me. I could not see anything but gold light. The brightness of the light began to dim so I could open my eyes. When I did, there was a beautiful Michael Angelo angel with me. It was very large, probably a good 7 feet with huge wings and a face that was so serene. It was the most beautiful face Ive seen. And filled with such kindness. I felt like I was in a huge warm wave because the vibration surrounding me was like being rocked by a gentle tide while lying in a boat. It was beyond comforting. The angle knew that I was very upset about the direction of humanity after 911 and told me, not with spoken words, but with telepathic words, that everything would be ok and that I needed to keep reminding people what brought us to that point. I needed to speak of bring love and not focus on hate or enemies. The angel told me it knew I felt very alone but to remember that I was not and that I should keep putting out the message of love. It touched my face and then it slowly vanished. I was sitting up in my bed and tears were streaming down my face and I cant even describe how I felt because there are no words...but I was the most comforted I had ever been in my life and felt like I belonged to God and the universe.    ",,Legal Cit,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,RN/mass,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2433,ADC,1225,21,,M,My mother had passed away from long bout with cancer. The relatives gathered for the funeral and some stayed at our house. I gave up my bed and slept alone in the living room on a couch.  Sometime early in the morning I was awakened by someone hugging me tightly and the overwhelming thought YOU ARE LOVED was transferred to me. It woke me from a deep sleep and scared me as no one was present. I felt as though it was my mother although I did not see an image nor did she identify herself.   I thought that this was significant as these are the exact words from Dr. Alexanders book.     ,,Citizen b,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2434,ME ,1352,41,,F,"I felt excited, happy and when she hugged me a warmth of joy! Words here on earth do no justice to explain how it felt! I remember calling her sister that morning with joy and excitement but also apprehension. would she believe or not. My duty was to my patient who wanted her sister to know she was excited and joyful to be going home! I called Cin, told her I had to speak to her and would it be okay. I was welcomed, I went first to Dee laying in a coma, bloated, ball headed and took her hand. I whispered in her ear, told her I would pass her message on to Cin and gave her a kiss. I told Cin, you are going to think I am crazy and she laughed, stated she already thought that. It made it easy to tell her all and she cried. She stated she believed me without a doubt, for she had experienced something similar when her Mom had died. She thanked me and was glad I told her.    ",,Us    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Certifi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2435,DEE,1486,24,,M,I found myself moving in a tunnel with the walls looking like lumpy dark clouds. I saw a light up ahead. Suddenly the light engulfed me with a complete feeling of total love.    ,,Citizen o,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2436,ADC,1343,52,,M,    ,,citizen,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Truckdr,,divor,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2437,DEE,1250,44,,F,"My father had been dead for about 5 years by this time. I dreamed I was in my parents home visiting my mother. Every detail in their home was exact...like I was awake in a dream. I was sitting on a recliner and my mother was sitting on the couch. I suddenly noticed I could not hear her speak. My father appeared next to her and began to speak to me. My mother continued to talk, albeit silently, and did not notice my father. My father told me that my oldest sister had cancer and he just wanted me to know because I have been the care taker in my family. He said it was to be expected because she had been living such a hard life. Then, he slowly vanished into nothingness and I was able to hear my mother speaking again.  Shortly there after the dream ended.     ",,United St,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,RN/hypn,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2438,ADC,1159,42,,F,"This seems like the same as above. Again, I am doing this for my mom who is about to read Proof of Heaven and for that reason, this came up again--the Mayo experience. She heard nothing, she observed these relatives who were deceased looking very serene and healthy (my grandfather had been paralyzed from a stroke for almost 5 months before he died on his birthday) My aunt had died from an anyurism (sp). So my mom says, she saw them, they smiled and looked right at her but did not speak. She was frightened at first, but then felt very peaceful and reassured. She learned that they were there to comfort her.    ",,usa    Q.,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,she was,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2439,ADC,1118,40,,F,    ,,citizen U,"251,00",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",Did not,housewi,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2440,DEE,1124,47,,M,"Testimony on God\xe2\x80\x99s Power As revealed to Conrad February 5, 2007, 6:25AM to 9:25AM Introduction My name is Conrad; I was born in the Philippines and was raised in a Roman Catholic family. I was an altar boy during my Catechism years. I\xe2\x80\x99ve read the bible twice from cover to cover when I was young and every time I get to the crucifixion part, I cried. Some parts of the bible I would easily understand, but I also got confused in others. As I grew up a verse from the bible kept playing in my mind. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know which part of the bible it came from but it went like this \xe2\x80\x9cSeek ye first the Kingdom of God \xe2\x80\xa6.\xe2\x80\x9d and that is what I did. I went about seeking the Kingdom of God, read many books of different titles and pretty soon I discovered the wonders of Science and how it can reasonably explain things that I didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand. The more science books I read the more convinced I was that things that were once mysterious can be scientifically explained and verified. I\xe2\x80\x99ve always believed in proving things undoubtedly before I believed it and accepted it. I only wanted to believe in known and proven facts.  And so I went through College and read even more books and gained more knowledge. I excelled in class but not good enough to have any honors because of my laziness and procrastination. You see, I would do well in exams, in fact I\xe2\x80\x99d be top in exams but not accomplish my homework or lab works so I also had grades that were just average. As my learning progressed I discovered that I didn\xe2\x80\x99t need God to have a life or to live my life. I believed this with conviction and even had a theory that men created God and not the other way around. I wrote a thesis on how during the early stages of evolution men might have created God because there were many things they didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand or were unable to explain. They attributed those things to an all knowing creator and consequently created a God. A friend of mine presented it as an English class project and almost got kicked out by the instructor. (That\xe2\x80\x99s how blasphemous it appeared but when you think deeper you can discern that men if left alone will instinctively seek God. We are the only creation that actively seek and try to understand our origins.) I went on with my life for years not believing or needing God until I got married to my wife Elisa in 1986 when we were both working in the Middle East. Our marriage did not give a child for almost five years. We went to see doctors and specialists in hospitals and clinics but we were unsuccessful. A surgery for me and standard medical procedures done for my wife did not result in conception. I desperately wanted a child and I would do anything to have one. I started wondering \xe2\x80\x9cAm I being punished for not believing in God?\xe2\x80\x9d Despite all these disappointments, we continued seeing fertility specialists. We also had Artificial Insemination in the United Arab Emirates and the Philippines. In December 1989, we went back to the Philippines for a much needed month long vacation. And one Sabbath day in January 1990, at the Manila Center (an SDA church in Manila, Philippines), a pastor from California was leading a service and he had a sermon about the earth being like a washing machine for dirty souls. He said \xe2\x80\x9cThe Earth is used by God to wash and clean souls to make them fit to go to heaven and live with God.\xe2\x80\x9d It opened my mind and I understood then why I needed God in my life. I wept and cried uncontrollably. It caught the Pastor\xe2\x80\x99s attention and I guess he pitied my poor soul so much that he gave me his Bible and even signed it. That night I prayed hard, a really sincere prayer to God and I asked Him to give me a child. \xe2\x80\x9cGod\xe2\x80\x9d I prayed \xe2\x80\x9cIf you are a real God, and really powerful God, give me a child and I will convert to the Seventh Day Adventist Church.\xe2\x80\x9d Back to the UAE on February 1990, my wife tested positive for pregnancy and in November 29, 1990, our daughter Ari was born. I thought about my promise to God and the implications of that promise. My parents and siblings, my Catholic friends would hate me I thought, I would miss food that I grew accustomed to eating. I cringed at these possibilities and so I kept living my life the way I wanted and I justified my actions with some semi-scientific reasoning to deny God\xe2\x80\x99s blessing of a daughter for my wife and me. Fast forward to 2007, we have since moved to the US, we\xe2\x80\x99ve lived in Boca Raton, Florida, New Orleans, LA and presently, The Woodlands, TX. I have long stopped attending regular church services but I have reluctantly attended worship services at the SDA church. I have to be dragged out of the",,Naturaliz,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Compute,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2441,ME ,1501,57,,F,"What I learned was that I can truly trust my intuition and feelings. If something doesnt feel right, it isnt.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Retired,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2442,ADC,1172,54,,F,"While drifting off to sleep, a man appeared at the foot of my bed, dressed in an old uniform, which I later discovered was an army uniform, and he was smiling and looked happy. He obviously wanted me to see him, as he just stood there, and I said, What are you doing here? And I was totally calm, not scared at all, and then he faded away. My husband in the next room heard what I had said and shouted back, What? And I answered, oh, nothing and I knew that something significant had happened, but didnt know for sure what. The next day, I asked my mother and sister if my Uncle Dan had ever served in the army, and the answer was yes. I really believe that Dan appeared to me because I am receptive to these kinds of experiences, and because he wanted my mother to know that he was o.k., in his young body, and no longer afflicted by the physical problems he had before he died. I thought then that the real purpose of his visit was so that my mother could tell his wife, who still survived, that he was o.k. My mother never did tell her, as she was not a believer of these kinds of things. My mother passed away recently, and Dans daughter, my cousin, sent me a card that stated that her dad adored my mother, his little sister. I now know that purpose of his visit was not so that his wife would know that he was o.k., but so that his sister, whom he adored, would know that he was o.k.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Counsel,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2443,ADC,1153,44,,F,"My best friend passed into Spirit on May 15, 2004 at the age of 45, after a 10 year battle with HER-2 Breast Cancer. We had spent 40 years weaving the fabric of our lives together in a dance that was just magical. Ours is a long story of love and friendship. It is hard to relay in a few words the significance of this miracle,but I will try.  Two years ago Karen started having massive headaches and was feeling weird. We were headed off to a healing weekend in New York State and having a grand time. It was just the two of us tooling around in the car and laughing and enjoying each others company. At one point, she became very serious and told me she thought her chemotherapy may be causing these symptoms. She was struggling as to whether or not to go off the chemo and just let God do His work. I told her this was a huge decision and one not to be taken lightly. I am a big believer in asking God to give us a sign when we need an answer to an important or not so important question. Because this was a VERY important question, I told her she needed to ask for a sign that would be unquestionable! Something so unusual that it could only be from God. I then said, How about if we see a green donkey? Then you can go off chemotherapy. She giggled and said, That sounds great. The rest of the weekend we searched for a green donkey. We found yellow pigs, purple cows, red dogs and even a green horse.How we tried to rationalize that a horse is almost a donkey. But we knew it had to be a Green Donkey. We even spent the next afternoon in Woodstock, NY going through every store but never found a green donkey. A week later the headaches continued and she went for an MRI. Her father also passed away from Alzheimers this same week. On the morning of his funeral, she received a phone call from her oncologist telling her the cancer had spread to her brain. She went through the whole day, a huge funeral, and never told a soul except her husband what she had found out that morning. She had courage beyond human strength. She made it through brain surgery and massive radiation and lived two more years. She passed on May 15, 2004 surrounded by her whole family. What follows is what I said at her memorial service (which 700 people attended). Notice the part about the green donkey toward the end. I have had the pleasure of knowing Karen for over 40 years and calling her one of my best and dearest friends. But I know I am just one of countless best friends that Karen had...there was something about her that just made you want to be close to her and know her better. To Karens family...she was a mom, a wife, a sister, a daughter, and a cousin, but for the vast majority of us here today, she was our friend. A friend of the truest sense and one that was there for each of us no matter what was going on in her life. Remarkable, selfless, trustworthy, sincere, kind, compassionate, spiritual, and beautiful are words that can only begin to describe Karen. Besides being a friend,Karen was a teacher. She taught me more about strength and courage than I ever wanted to know. When my son deployed to Afghanistan last Oct, she came to me one day like an angel sent from God. She held me, cried with me and instilled in me The Power of Now. This gave me strength that I did not know I had. If I can take one tenth of her strength and live the rest of my life, then I will be happy. I will miss her human presence more than I can even imagine at this time... her spirit while she was on this Earth was immeasurable. What I look forward to from this day on is how she will guide, love, and watch over each of us in her new found strength in SPIRIT. And so I say to you my dear Karen, Godspeed to you on this new journey you have undertaken. I know Daddy was holding your green donkey and that now you know all the Divine Order that is so hard for us to understand here on Earth. I giggle at the thought of our next life together and I ask you Sister Karen to hold down the abbey until I get there. When I returned home from her service that evening, there was a message on my answering machine from my son, who was in Afghanistan, serving in the US Army. He had never, ever called on a weeknight since he had deployed, until that night. This in and of itself spoke volumes to me. I was sad I had missed his call, but I knew he was OK and surely sending me some love from afar, even though he did not know of Karens death yet. Karen had given me extreme comfort and support while she was alive in regards to his deployment and no matter what was going on in her life, she always asked how my son was doing. That same night, the phone rang again around 2:30 AM and it was my son. What a joy to hear his voice! We spoke for about 20 minutes and during the conversation he mentioned that his best buddy and teammate had put new pictures up on a website ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",colle,At the,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2444,ME ,1345,31,,M,"Then,1st day of programme,after about an hour,Time was around 1900 hrs IST, Our teacher talked about how OM is a sound resonating in universe,and it didnt make any sense to me.She asked us to close eyes and slowly say OM. When I slowly said OMwith closed eyes,I felt a tinkling of energy,starting around Navel area,going through Chest,and ending somewhere in Head.It felt wonderful. She asked us to repeat,2nd time when I said OM,Suddenly,in less than a fraction of second,It occured to me that this is a vibratory energy everything is made of,and a sudden ecstasy/happiness dawned on me. I was feeling elated,wonderful in knowing that it is just ONE in universe. When I walked out of classroom,took out my car keys,saw that energy in keys,in car,on road,in people walking on road,on trees, in distant stars, I could actually see Energy falling from sky,and as clearly as we see rain. I was ecstatic/on peak of happiness,it was like I will burst with happiness. I was driving alone,in ecstasy, decided to stop my car at a corner.I stopped my car,and just sat there for 15-20 minutes,and during those 15-20 minutes,I could Actually See my thoughts floating around my head, as clearly as we see birds flying, and suddenly it occured that These thoughts were not mine, These thoughts are not me, this mind is not me,I am something other than Thoughts and mind, and there was no doubt left,as I saw my thoughts as clearly as birds flying. I was overjoyed/ecstatic/passing peak of happiness/bursting with happiness,and I remained in this mood for about 22 days. I couldnt sleep with ecstasy.    ",,Indian,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Hindu,Hindu,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",maste,Navigat,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2445,NDE,1031,19,,M,I didnt want to leave.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2446,OBE,1011,62,,M,"my outlook on everyday life has changed,i feel deeply loved and ever in the pesense of god.i do not fear death at all and seem to be in constant prayer for guidance with a will to know God more and a common thread the exists between us all.    ",,born in u,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,master,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2447,ADC,1376,48,,F,"I walked into my house. I still had the door open and I felt a presence behind the door. It was a little unnerving (I had often in my childhood felt unseen presences which frightened me). However this time I stopped and stood still, listening. The information I received was on a knowing level that the presence I felt was my father. He stood very quiet, not intrusive. I felt supported, like he was saying I will be here to help you and Jeremy through. I was pretty distraught most of the time, but his presence was like an anchor. His being there told me there was life after life and where he was was where my son was going also. So that was comforting.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,graphic,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2448,ADC,1104,66,,F,"So, it was the end of the day with the sun sinking and I wanted to complete the painting which was not going well. I thought to take a break , see if on my return, the answer would be apparent. So I left the studio, walked across the deck and into my house. From the bedroom, I stepped into the long hall which leads to the kitchen and as I did so, I was shocked and awed to see my husband with outstretched arms, grinning from ear to ear and wearing cutoffs. He was striding toward me with great enthusiasm. I was just dumbstruck! He must have taken three steps toward me when I bent forward, covered my face with my hands and called out, Dana, Dana! When I looked up, he was gone.  I learned that we are eternal. That my husband was gifting me with comfort and consolation.    ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2449,DEE,1533,71,,M,First I felt a Presence that started to indicate new exercises . As I was surprise I asked : I recognize a divine presence here and I would like to know Who is it .The response was I am Arc&#225;ngel San Gabriel .From that day on He has been always helping me ro recup&#233;rate my voice . Now I have it 90% back and continue giving recitals.    ,,Colombian,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Layer,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2450,ADC,1104,66,,F,"So, it was the end of the day with the sun sinking and I wanted to complete the painting which was not going well. I thought to take a break , see if on my return, the answer would be apparent. So I left the studio, walked across the deck and into my house. From the bedroom, I stepped into the long hall which leads to the kitchen and as I did so, I was shocked and awed to see my husband with outstretched arms, grinning from ear to ear and wearing cutoffs. He was striding toward me with great enthusiasm. I was just dumbstruck! He must have taken three steps toward me when I bent forward, covered my face with my hands and called out, Dana, Dana! When I looked up, he was gone.  I learned that we are eternal. That my husband was gifting me with comfort and consolation.    ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2451,DEE,1540,47,,F,"I lost my father to lung cancer in December 2015. My dad was one of the two people I love more in the world. The experience was tearing, painful beyond words, also due the feeling of being abandoned in the hospice with my dad by the rest of the family, who I felt like they just wanted to get it done and over with. I have never felt more lost, alone and helpless in my life and I could not understand how this could be happening to a loving person like my dad. About 6 months later something very unique happened to me and I still can not make sense of it. I know I had been thinking about my dad that morning, desperately asking him to let me know if he was ok, like I was doing almost every day. I was standing in front of the mirror getting ready for work when I realized that I could see clearly only directly in front of me, while to both sides reality appeared to be melting into some sort of vertical waves. I had the strong feeling of some sort of presence, but at the same time I was getting increasingly scared that something was seriously wrong with me. The experience must have lasted more than 20 seconds, but this is just a guess. As I turned around to go downstairs to ask for help my vision and the room went back to normal. I now wish I did not get so worried because by doing so I might have stopped the experience. Since then I have tried many times to bring back those moments as I really would like to know what all of that was, but with no success. I have read many STE but I have not found anything similar to what I have experienced. I know that whatever it was it was real and I have not imagined it. If anybody has any idea of the significance of my experience I would be extremely grateful if they could get in contact with me to help me understand what happened that day. Thank you.     ",,Italian,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"0 24,999",some,self em,,marri,marri,Unc,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2452,ADC,1290,62,,F,"On January 4, 2007, I was alone in the kitchen of my home in Ossining, NY. My husband was upstairs working. I like my home orderly and keep everything in its place. It was daytime and I was preparing some food when my eye caught an object by the floor. I looked down and saw a little white square paper wedged up against the dark green backsplash runner by the floor. I picked up the paper. It was actually an empty little envelope with a gold lining inside. The envelope looked like it was opened after it was sealed because it had a rip in the flap. It was the kind of gift envelope that contained a card with someones name on it that youd give with a gift at Christmas. On the front of the envelope was the hand-printed word Dad. It looked like my handwriting but I didnt remember giving my father this envelope in the 2 1/2 years we were communicating just before his passing, and we didnt talk to each other for 29 years previously. In my home, a random and obscure object just doesnt turn up mysteriously in a strange place like that. I stood there with a shocked feeling, staring at the envelope. I thought I knew it came from a spiritual source but I wasnt ready to accept that. I had to rule out all possibilities. I called for Hank to come down and showed him the envelope. I asked if it was his. He said no. I asked if he ever saw this before. No. Could he imagine where it came from? No. I asked if it fell out of the newspapers he recycles in the kitchen. He said no. I told him where I found it and that it came from Holy Spirit. Hank became agitated and got a little angry. He was annoyed that mysterious, spiritual things like this were happening to me and darted back upstairs to his office. I stood there looking at the envelope and asked out loud: Dad, are you here with me now? Suddenly, a brisk wind came across my bare shins and I felt the chills. Then I knew my father was with me. I wanted to know more about this mystery, so I called a cousin of Hanks who was a Deacon at a Catholic Church in New Orleans. I asked Gary what all this meant. He said that God made my father my Guardian Angel and that my father would be watching over me. This was awesome. Although I had had a love/hate relationship with my father, I just loved him now and was happy to know he was with me. I have fond, loving memories bonding with my father in my childhood and enjoying life with him. (Im uploading a photo of this envelope. The envelope is white, although my iPhone or Mac turned the image and its surrounding area pink.)    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2453,SDE,1070,53,,F,I began to feel I was in a tunnel of light and suddenly saw a very religious image of Jesus-he had a crown of thorns and a bleeding heart we did not speak but it was the first time I ever felt loved and I have never been the same since then    ,,usa    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,religious,Unaffilia,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,tax coo,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2454,OBE,1465,6,,F,Other than remembering what I did to remove myself and the fact that I would do this and that it was fun I dont remember too much else.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",maste,child,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2455,OBE,1064,41,,F,"The dream I experienced is very difficult to put into word-- it felt more like an out of body experience. I was flying through the air with my Mom and another unseen presence was also along with us as we were flying over what seemed to be Utopia--a lush, green landscape, over waterfalls and tropical flowers--it was so breathtaking it overwhelmed my visual senses. More importantly is what we both seemed to be feeling during this extreme adventure--indescribable joy, wonder, happiness, laughter, totally carefree and with pure love totally surrounding us. After I awoke and recalled the dream in vivid detail I came to the conclusion that the unseen presence I experienced was God. This dream continues to comfort and reassure me that even though I would learn bad news the next day--my Mom did pass 18 months later-- I have a very special and believable preview of being reunited with her in heaven. I know we will meet again in a place where there is no pain or suffering; only unconditional love.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",High,Custome,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2456,DEE,1251,40,,F,"My experience happened approximately 2 weeks after Sept 11, 2001. I had been meditating in bed and felt myself drift off. My now ex-husband was sleeping next to me. Suddenly there was a bright light surrounding me. I could not see anything but gold light. The brightness of the light began to dim so I could open my eyes. When I did, there was a beautiful Michael Angelo angel with me. It was very large, probably a good 7 feet with huge wings and a face that was so serene. It was the most beautiful face Ive seen. And filled with such kindness. I felt like I was in a huge warm wave because the vibration surrounding me was like being rocked by a gentle tide while lying in a boat. It was beyond comforting. The angle knew that I was very upset about the direction of humanity after 911 and told me, not with spoken words, but with telepathic words, that everything would be ok and that I needed to keep reminding people what brought us to that point. I needed to speak of bring love and not focus on hate or enemies. The angel told me it knew I felt very alone but to remember that I was not and that I should keep putting out the message of love. It touched my face and then it slowly vanished. I was sitting up in my bed and tears were streaming down my face and I cant even describe how I felt because there are no words...but I was the most comforted I had ever been in my life and felt like I belonged to God and the universe.    ",,Legal Cit,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,RN/mass,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2457,ADC,1363,25,,F,"I sat on the edge of the bed as Shawn tried to comfort me, my crying seemed to intensify with the downpour of the rain. I looked up at the ceiling in our bedroom asking God for a sign. I asked him as a Catholic, saying out loud: I have faith and I know they say he is in a better place, but I need MORE! I need PROOF that he is OKAY! And just as I shouted this at God a sudden loud bang and flash of white light filled the bedroom. Shawn and I physically jumped out of bed because the crash was so loud we thought the window was going to crash in on us. We looked at each other, puzzled. Was that for us? Because the timing was just as if God was answering my prayer. Just as that happened we began to calm down and the rain also subsided. I told Shawn that it felt like an answer from God and it was so strange. The next morning Shawn went out to our car that was parked on the street. He heard muffled music playing that grew louder as he got nearer. When he opened the car door the radio was blasting music very loud on my brothers favourite radio station. When Shawn tried to shut the radio off, it would not turn off, he had to pull the system out of its dock to make it turn off. The radio remained like that for years. The wires were fried because that night our building and our car was hit by lightening, the very lightening that crashed outside our window at the very moment I asked God for a sign / for proof that John was okay. That isnt the end of it. From then on it was like the floodgates had opened. I got all kinds of signs from John, all kinds of instances of after-death communication, including a full apparition, physical phenomenon, electronic phenomenon and I would like to share that all here. I could write my own book about all the signs John gave me and my family after his death. He loved us so much his love transcended death and the tragedy of his loss made it that much more important that he get through to us and let us know he was okay. And God made it possible for him to do that.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Teacher,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2458,PLR,1026,42,,F,"I felt bigger than the Universe. I also had no perception of time. I felt as though I had been under for hours, when in fact the meditation would have only have been around 20 minutes.    ",,Australia,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,avera,very st,"50,000 99",some,Project,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2459,ME ,1218,60,,M,"The English language does not have words to adequately describe the feelings but here goes. The atmosphere in the room began slowly to change, it began to thicken and become more dense and there was an overwhelming presence in the room and the atmosphere. It felt as though there was else outside the room, nothing existed outside that room, it was like a separate bubble. Then the sensation of love started to permeate the air. I am not talking of a happy lovey type feeling, no this was an intense overwhelming love that went straight through the body and mind. It was absolute unconditional love and a clear message came into my head that love is the essential truth. The experience was so overwhelming that tears began to flow and I had to move away from the couch so not to wet the person lying there. The sensation lasted for several minutes and then began to fade.    ",,British c,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Outreac,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2460,ME ,1451,24,,M,"Detail may take a bit more space than there is here, but I will attempt. Briefly, very tired, I fell into a deep sleep. In what seemed like the beginning of a dream sequence, I found myself on the second floor of a mansion in town that I was quite personally familiar with. From a spot in the hall, I noticed flashing lights coming from the hallway of the west wing. Irritated and needing to investigate I went in their direction. Where the halls joined at a right angle, still more lights and, of all people, my great aunt staring into the lights at the end of the hall. Very agitated at this occurence, not knowing if it was fire, or some other upset that required my attention, I began a trot in its direction. At that point I recall (kind of like Santas reindeer!) a lifting of my feet and legs and up I went. In very short order all went dark, all fell away (my body, place, circumstances)and the essential me of me was involved in an ascent...until coming to said portal mentioned earlier in which all I can recall were cloudlike formations over a cauldronlike (and that word is not to have any negative connotation) basis...with what was bubbling up from the cauldron mixing in with the clouds above it and this was perfection and creation in action. My KNOWING at that time was that I was in everything, everything was in me, and that everything was in a perfect balance. The other notion I had was that the energy was so powerful that if it were withdrawn everything would collapse, but that that would not happen...furthermore, the word calibrated came to mind. As in, everything was perfectly calibrated to hold only its allotment of that energy, and that one-zillionth more of it and a body would burst into bits. At the portals edge, even though I had no body or even much in the way of caring about what had happened to it, I do recall my hands grabbing the portals edge and I kind of docked there and went no further...only witnessed the roiling of the generator of all that is, was and would be (as described before.) At about the point of docking and peering in, I was conscious, alert, awake and aware, and said to myself: OMG, Im dying! and then something to the effect of I didnt want to do that. (That would be the distressing part and I almost clicked another choice for 42.) As soon as I said that the experience of coming down began, the up there having been short-circuited by my ambivalence or fear...even as I quick-changed my mind and said, No, NO! (leave me up here for a while longer.) The coming down was not so memorable in and of itself. What there is to know is that I did then and still do sleep on my back...and I felt as if my feet were the first to gain life back and then the descent of the rest back down as if my astral back to stomach and like that. As my arms were folded across my chest, they were the last to come to and I recall being conscious of that happening. Upon full re-entry I was quite astonished at the whole thing and lept out of bed as if every cell was on fire and said Holy S**t, Theres nothing I cant do! Later on I went at myself over that notion-thinking that it was a bit egocentric, but I digress. I further recall that everything in the room had a bit of a glow to it, and so probably did I. I also remember being fascinated at a pencil in my room. Its interiority struck me as magnificent...and to think that none of it (me, my body, material circumstances) had mattered or even existed just moments before was quite startling.     ",,full citi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,I was i,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2461,OBE,1011,62,,M,"my outlook on everyday life has changed,i feel deeply loved and ever in the pesense of god.i do not fear death at all and seem to be in constant prayer for guidance with a will to know God more and a common thread the exists between us all.    ",,born in u,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,master,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2462,NDE,1192,10,,F,"Coolness. Being wrapped up in peace. Movement forward. Again, no voice, but a sound. I can still hear it. A whooshing of sorts. it was so comforting. Amazing.    ",,Citizen U,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Child,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
2463,ADC,1378,29,,F,I observed my uncle sitting in a chair in our spare bedroom and communicating mind to mind about the place or current state he was communicating from. I was happy to see him but was unable to comprehend the message he was sending. I left knowing that his consciousness survived his death 7 months earlier. He was wearing an old white sweat shirt and tan pants that I remembered him wearing in the past. I learned that he was OK and in no pain or distress.    ,,USA citiz,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,College,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2464,ME ,1475,41,,F,"I left the group and went out of the room and stood outside. I looked at my hands and expected to see them glowing for the electricity I had felt during the ritual. However I was surprised that they were not glowing. Within the next second I knew that everything I looked at, the trees, the leaves, the stars the wooden platform I stood upon, everything WAS ME. I was everything around me I was part of it all, all of creation was also me. It lasted just several seconds and then it was over. However it has never left me. I know now that I am and always have been part of all creation and everything is actually ONE THING.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Worked,,marri,separ,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2465,ADC,1315,47,,F,"After the Beach Boys &amp; Louie Louie songs played, and I talked with the other shoppers about feeling my sister had made the DJ play Louie Louie, I walked home. I was sad that my sister had died (she survived 8 months after dx with cancer), I was exuberant that she had contacted me. I talked with my father over the phone. He said that after the memorial service for her, he was cleaning the drink containers. A butterfly of a hue hed never seen (and he was an astute Naturalist) landed on the tap. He decided to leave that tap &amp; go inside. Came back the next day &amp; same butterfly was there. 3rd day &amp; it was there again. He said Kathi, if that is you, go on to Heaven and the butterfly flew around his head &amp; on up into the sky. Dad became more spiritual after that    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2466,NDE,1398,32,,F,"I remember a feeling of being sucked out of my body, sort of like separating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich with all the stickiness and resistance. After I was completely separated I was observing from above as they were performing CPR and attaining IV access. The doctor put my body in Trudelenburg position. At this point, my attention is drawn away by a feeling that someone was calling me. My attention became focused on this sparkling light, I want to call it a warm glowing light but it is hard to describe because the physical sensation of warmth was not really present. As soon as I acknowledged this light, I was just in it. There were these rainbow orbs that spoke to me and there were people there in what I was communicated to be a sort of holding room. I didnt see anything other than people and orbs in this room that went on for what seemed like an eternity without walls or ceiling. Soon after, I remember laughing but not laughing like in a physical sense, but, in any case, laughing with the people in the room. It was like I ran into old friends and we just picked right back where we left off type of feeling. I dont really have a sense of time of how long I was there but I was guided to another location and there was a woman there who said that I was going to be experiencing what I termed a rewrite. This is so hard to put into words but she communicated to me that a different course was available to me if I so chose to follow it. I felt like everything was more real than anything I had ever experienced, so alive, so intelligent, so revealed. The woman was near a mountain, at the base of it in a vivacious green meadow. We sat for a while but I cannot put into words the things I learned, I dont even remember what I had learned until I come across events in my life that trigger the knowledge that was given to me. I know it sounds strange but it makes sense to me. I was given a choice. You can stay or you can go back. I remember asking questions, like, go back where? And as soon as I asked that question, I knew where. I dont think the complete question even came forth before the answer was already being revealed. This is when I could hear conversations going on. I could hear the people in my ICU room. Complete conversations. I became saddened and wanted to see but I was informed that I had to choose first. I heard my son crying, begging me to open my eyes. My attention went to the woman, her eyes were crystal clear pale blue eyes and she had long dark hair, dressed in a sort of plain creamy colored garb. She never spoke sound words, it was telepathic thoughts. She revealed different life traumas I had experienced up to that point; I was wondering why only the traumas and not the good times, and just as I had that thought the answer was that it serves a purpose and that purpose comes to me at different times since my near death. I also heard my mothers prayers and the prayers of others pleading for my health and wellness. I recall leaving the woman in the field and I just seemed to float away...into space...and it felt as if though I had rushed millions maybe even billions of miles away in seconds. I seen these other worlds and other peoples only to be drawn back in a flash to the holding room. It was time for me to decide and it seemed urgent; will I accept the rewrite or stay where I was; there was no right or wrong choice. Only my choice. I longed for my children, knowing that things would be very different in a bad way if I chose to stay. I was communicated that my road to recovery would be hard at first, but would get easier as time went by. It was hard for me to conceive how this time would be if I returned. I felt drawn back and chose to go back all the while knowing it was going to be difficult. As soon as I made the choice, the people in the holding room became ecstatic and exuberant and I thought this was the strangest occurrence of the whole ordeal. I all of a sudden felt the most unbearable discomfort, my body. I tried to open my eyes and couldnt, I felt the loudness of my heart beating at an unthinkable speed, I immediately came back out of my body and hovered over it for a moment before entering again. The next thing I remember is the nurses and doctor in the ICU room asking me to stay calm because I was connected to a ventilator. My hands were secured to restraints. I couldnt focus my eyes when I first came back, I had been in a coma for 9 days. I had apparently became septic after surgery and went into septic shock. On entering the ICU on July 1, 2002, I slipped into a coma, they intubated me, and there I lay dying until July 9th, my daughters birthday. A few hours had passed and I kept seeing people that the nurses said were not there and experiencing odd things like seeing fish swimming in the air. I know what I had experienced was real and som",,Citizen,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Custome,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2467,ADC,1395,55,,F,"Everything was white, I felt calm and happy. It was very quiet. I believed that Butch was actually communicating with me. Different encounters happened, 1 prior to this and 2 after this.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Registe,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2468,DEE,1239,36,,F,"It is very hard to describe because I didnt see anything with me eyes, however, I FELT everything very strongly. The energy and the love/acceptance that the being emanated was FAR STRONGER and more VAST than what is humanly possible, therefore I did not feel that the entity was human (as in, a deceased relative). The energy was so huge and positively powerful, that I strongly felt it was a higher dimensional being, eg. an angel, spirit guide or God themself. The strength of the unconditional love/acceptance was WAY beyond human love. I could sense that with every fibre of my being. The experience left me in NO DOUBT that I had just experienced a Divine Entity Encounter.    ",,7th gener,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,never,moder,littl,"0 24,999",High,Compute,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2469,ME ,1323,20,,F,My initial comments before this form say it all: Being bathed in a type of light / lightness that enveloped me with joy and peace. I have that same feeling come over me each time I engage in speaking in tongues.    ,,U.S.    Q,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2470,DEE,1086,30,,F,When I felt a hand on my shoulder I knew it was Jesus. All my pain when away. I said thank you and went right to sleep. It never seemed strange to me because I had seen Jesus before as a little girl. It just seemed normal.     ,,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Unaffilia,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,Mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2471,ADC,1445,27,,F,I awoke in a lot of pain and saw an orb like light that immediately came to me and helped ease my pain it told me that everything would be okay and not to worry. It didnt really speak it told me telepathically and I immediately thought it was my Grandfather. The orb soothed my pain and I feel asleep. I woke the next day knowing it was not a dream. When I went to the doctor they told my there was no heartbeat of the baby anymore and later told me I may contract Cancer. I was never afraid because I knew my grandfather took my baby to heaven and that I would be okay.    ,,citizen,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Some,Secreta,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2472,ADC,1022,63,,F,We could not believe it at first. We both made other calls. What we felt was incredable love and joy.    ,,American,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2473,ADC,1328,56,,F,"I was stunned when I saw the candle. I had never thought about the sun being a candle on someones birthday cake before this. An unburned candle in the middle of a beach in September was highly unusual. In fact, the candle was an exact match to the candles I had at home that fit a tiny brass holder and held the exact same candles that Alan and I had received a few years before at Christmas midnight mass. That size and shape candle is hard to find. The one I had at home was broken and I had looked to replace it for quite some time and never found one to match. I was speechless. I picked up the candle and tears of joy came to my eyes. In fact, that day I was having Alans mother over for lunch, as it was the first time we were experiencing his birthday since he died. She was also speechless when I told her the story. We burned the candle together while we had lunch.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Real Es,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2474,ME ,1481,42,,F,Please see earlier description. I learnt that there is a higher power and that i am spirit and not just a body. That i have a ego/personality side and a higher self which connected during the STE. That our reality is multidimensional and there are other dimensions apart from the 3rd dimension.    ,,Australia,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2475,DEE,1189,59,,F,I felt safe and love. Heard nothing just time stood still. I had never seen the girl in my life and didnt know anyone in the area. It has been 5 1/2 years and God is good.    ,,American,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Employe,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2476,DEE,1528,38,,M,"I was leaning in the doorway smoking. listening to music on my I pod. I was in a very sombre mood (feeling sorry for myself) I remember asking for help. There was a line in the song I was listening to about opening my eyes I suddenly began to notice my posture as slouched but I was being drawn up to standing straight, my shoulders were being drawn back and my head back. I just felt a huge power running through me, drawing me up (im quite tall but my head was now pressing against the upper doorframe) I felt strong for the first time in months , like I was being lifted up. my head was being tilted back and upward to the sky. I could see (or more accurately sense) eyes and a smile in the dark rain clouds in front of me. I can remember being aware (it was also in the song I was listening to) that I should open my eyes. All the while this was going on I had this huge energy holding me bolt upright urging me to look at the sky, I can remember feeling so peaceful yet so powerful at the same time. it felt like I was being lifted up. The face in the cloud faded and I literally fell to my knees in thanks (dropping my cigarette) I started to feel fear and this was instantly taken away by what I describe as a divine sense of humor, that told me not to worry about the cigarette getting wet and that it was funny that I had dropped it.(laughing with me not at me) I got up (after some time) and was just full of adrenaline I was shaking but happy.    ",,British N,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Dietiti,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2477,ME ,1015,48,,M,I felt the utmost gratitude and humility when caring for my beloved father during his final weeks. The peace which I have carried with me from this experience remains.    ,,Australia,1 mill,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",High,self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2478,DEE,1111,32,,F,"Sometime during the night, I began to dream. (Highly unusual because I NEVER remember dreams although I am sure that I do dream). I was present in this dream. I knew immediately that something unusual was happening. I was wearing a long white robe and I had sandals on my feet. It was very warm. I remember thinking wow why is it so warm in a dream this is way too real. Just then I bit down and felt a grain of sand between teeth. I stopped and said to myself wait, this is important because it is real. I walked between 2 buildings made of what looked like adobe to me and I kept walking until I entered a courtyard that was of good size. There were clusters of men standing around talking with one another and they were dressed somewhat like me except they had more colorful gear on. I remember thinking that I was in Bibical days by the way they looked. In the center of the yard were a group of boys playing some kind of ball. They were chasing a ball (that was really a bunch of rags tied together). They were kicking the ball back and forth and seemed intent on playing a game. As I looked around, over to my right was a young boy about 8 to 10 years old. He had that look of dejection about him. He was leaning against the wall with his left shoulder. He was looking down and was moving the sand around with his foot. My mother instinct kicked in and I felt compassion for the boy because I knew he had not been chosen to play. I moved over behind him and that is when I reached out and touched his shoulder. He turned and looked straight into my eyes. The air literally left me and I dropped to my knees. You see, it didnt matter that he was a boy I knew him. I knew him and I began to cry. It was the Savior. Without his lips moving, transferring language to me directly to my head (but more putting it into English falls so short; it was like a thought that came to me and then blew up inside my head) but I HEARD his voice and I knew it. How do I know it? I dont know but in that moment I remember saying Oh, I know that voice! I knew that I missed him so much. I knew that I had been bought and paid for (atonement)if I chose to allow it (free agency and all). I loved him. I sensed the largness of the universe and how there was no end . . . but wait . . . he spoke Cindy, I never fit in. From that statement I understood that he didnt have to show me the cross . . . he really means he was a weird human among humans. That is all that I heard . . . everything else is as real . . . it just was that odd hearing/listening thing. Here is the significant exchange to me . . . I felt the love. It is more than love, but on Earth that is what we say. I knew it was for EVERY single human who was going to live and who had ever lived. If was like I could have reached out and picked it up . . . it had substance. And, it hurt. The love was so much that it hurt and I was humbled by what I felt. It was over. I sat straight up in my bed and looked at the clock. It was 2 a.m. For the next few weeks, the feeling didnt leave me. Sometimes I would just look at a group of students on the BSU campus and want to burst into tears because I knew how much he loved them. Then, like all things, the memory started to fade. A few months later, I got down on my knees and begged for the gift of always remembering that feeling and the event. I dont think about it every day. I am 61 now. But, I can recall it all. By the way . . . I have never wasted one more breath complaining to him about feeling out of place.    ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,secreta,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2479,ADC,1536,43,,F,See Above    ,,dutch,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Remedia,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2480,ADC,1435,59,,F,"I did not see anything, but had a very strong scent of floral (not sure what type); I had the sense that it was my mothers spirit telling me she was OK after I tried to find the source of the scent. I felt peaceful at this time, but also thought I would like to believe that she was contacting me. I share this with my husband and daughter the next morning (the scent was gone when I woke up in the morning)    ",,citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,researc,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2481,DEE,1250,44,,F,"My father had been dead for about 5 years by this time. I dreamed I was in my parents home visiting my mother. Every detail in their home was exact...like I was awake in a dream. I was sitting on a recliner and my mother was sitting on the couch. I suddenly noticed I could not hear her speak. My father appeared next to her and began to speak to me. My mother continued to talk, albeit silently, and did not notice my father. My father told me that my oldest sister had cancer and he just wanted me to know because I have been the care taker in my family. He said it was to be expected because she had been living such a hard life. Then, he slowly vanished into nothingness and I was able to hear my mother speaking again.  Shortly there after the dream ended.     ",,United St,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,RN/hypn,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2482,DEE,1541,65,,M,"My STE is a Divine Entity Encounter, at least I think that is the closest description of it. I have reported this in my book; Jesus Who. I suspect it was the Spirit of God, but it could have been an angle.  Personal Story; A love tap of Understanding For several years, I could not accept that all the people in a couple of Old Testament cities were killed by Joshua\xe2\x80\x99s army. Joshua 11:11-12 What about the infants and young children? Why should they die a terrible death for the sins of their parents? I was thrown a curve by this story. How could God do such a terrible thing? This was not merciful. This was a big problem for me and remained so for years. These young children could have been taken into homes of decent people and they would have no knowledge of their biological parents or their old lifestyles. Then one day I was praying about this and I got something like a gentle slap on the head, an interruption of my consciousness from outside myself, likely from the Spirit of God; I clearly heard. \xe2\x80\x9cThe souls of the innocents were taken a moment before they died.\xe2\x80\x9d So when the sword hit, the children were in a persistent vegetative state in that God had already taken their souls to safety. What a relief! I was elated. Then about five seconds later, I thought; Hey, wait a minute. Did God really tell me that, or did I just make it up to ease my own distress? Straight away I got a second interruption and I clearly heard that voice again; \xe2\x80\x9cIf you did make it up, how much wiser and more merciful is your Father in Heaven.\xe2\x80\x9d Wow! It was definitely not my voice or my words. The old fashioned style is not the way I use words or language! Plus the fact that it came as an interruption to my thoughts (hey, pay attention). I am convinced that it was Divinely given personal information to help me get over this stumbling block. Most wonderful of all, notice that the communication was loving, not angry. I had just assumed, that God would be angry with me for being dumb, weak and sinful, because I was often angry with myself for those reasons. The improbable lovingness and civility of this communication kept me in a state of astonishment for several years and still causes breathlessness when I recall it to mind. How could the all powerful God love such a dumb, weak and sinful little man? Is that an improbable enough God for you? It sure is for me and I do have faith in Him. He\xe2\x80\x99s got you, He\xe2\x80\x99s got you and He\xe2\x80\x99s got your back. Don\xe2\x80\x99t worry about anything because all this earthly stuff, everything here, is ridiculously trivial to Him. I thank God for showing Himself to me as a loving father and I do feel very blessed for it. God is love and I suspect that humans have been programmed by God to love our children so that we, in our human pettiness, would have at least some experience of what love is. \xe2\x80\x9cAnyone who loves God must also love their brother and sister\xe2\x80\x9d. 1 John 4:21 So we are supposed to love one another, that means love everyone always. So just know that you too may reasonably expect that the one and only God will communicate with you about your Christian concerns and that it will come out of the clear blue sky and be a loving personal answer. He is the same loving God for all of us, even those people we don\xe2\x80\x99t care for. As improbable as it is, God loves us all. You will come to be as fond of your new Christian memories as you are of your actual childhood memories, because there is a mighty and loving Father helping you through a difficult and confusing adolescents. If you missed out on that from your biological father, you will find your Heavenly Father especially wonderful and loving. Really. God never said that the Bible is all there is to know. It is implied that the Bible is the minimum you should know and there may be certain things that He will communicate to help you personally if you ask Him. Waiting for God to answer is fairly short term, it is not the classic; Waiting For Godoe. God is for real.     ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2483,ME ,1450,59,,M,    ,,Citizen,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Senior,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2484,ME ,1145,59,,F,"Through all my experiences I have learned that my true family of support resides on the other side of the veil. I feel that is our true home and that as developing souls we come here to this earth into this body to learn and develop our souls. We make contracts with souls on the other side to meet here in specific environments and situations to learn from each other. It is somewhat life being sent off to boarding school. Once we learn our lessons we go back home to the other side. We dont always learn our lessons, sometimes we opt out of our lessons and need to keep coming back until we learn and finish that lesson.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Speech,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2485,ME ,1023,32,,M,"I went into a deep trance and saw a bright light. I heard an electronic hum. I then saw that the light was comming from 3 connected stars. the stars were connected by two tubes that ran from each star to the other two stars. The stars were in an equilateral triangle. I felt immense love, knowledge and perfection and felt that I understood everything. The message I got was that the world is perfect as it is and that is nothing you or I can do to add or subtract from this perfection.    ",,us    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Enginee,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2486,OBE,1249,18,,F,"I went in a long ways, trying to escape, and finally came out into a two dimensional dark place (blue-black) where small spherical (marble sized) beings of light moved about. I too was able to move and went in search of God. One of the lights came up to me and stopped me. It said, You are not expected yet. I seemed to hear those exact words and had a number of emotional impressions from it: disapproval, contempt, irritation. I gathered that my whole conception of God was all wrong, as was my unorthodox entry, and that I must return to where I had come from. I went back in and seemed to come into a switchboard kind of part of my brain where I tried to plug in during the course of a grand mal episode.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2487,ME ,1176,54,,F,"I found myself in a tunnel comprised of dark red glass aperture-like structures which were opening up like a cameras aperture to receive me. I forced myself to look to the left to try to ascertain where I was. In between the aperture blades I could see I was in outer space. I saw a black sky all around with stars. When I turned to move forward again I could see in the distance what appeared to be the end of the tunnel. It was made up of a beige inflatable cushion-type structure. I quickly moved forward to reach the end. I was greeted by an elder angelic-like spirit who began asking me questions almost to verify my identity. I answered them, but after a while, I questioned why I needed to answer all these questions. After that, the being stepped to the right and before me I saw a bright blue sky with perfectly shaped green trees, which had leaves rustling by a gentle breeze, though I could not feel the breeze. Beyond the trees, I saw green lush rolling hills that seemed to go on forever. From my left appeared my deceased father, as he would have been at about 35 years old dressed all in white \xe2\x80\x93 a short-sleeved white tee shirt and white cotton-type pants. He had been 54 when he died. He seemed to communicate telepathically to me but I responded using physical speech. He initially asked me how I was. We turned in the direction of the rolling hills again and this time I saw many people all dressed in white silently walking in the right direction. I did not know these people or where they were going. He suggested we sit at a concrete garden table to the left with 2 concrete benches on either side. Beyond the table I noticed a one-story concrete building with no windows or doors that I could see. My father wanted to know how I was and said he was concerned about me. At the time, I was undergoing radiation therapy for breast cancer (DCIS ductal carcinoma in situ, stage 0). I reassured him there was no need for concern as the radiation wasnt bothering me at all and the DCIS was not ever fatal. He told me he was very proud of me. After a time, He asked me to come around the table to where he was sitting so I could give him a hug goodbye. As I did, he asked me to forgive him. The encounter was pleasant up to that point. When he asked me to forgive him, all my memories of how he had been a strict disciplinarian came back to me and I started to feel badly, reliving those feelings I had as a child and teenager. After that, I woke up very quickly.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,vice pr,,divor,divor,Unc,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2488,OBE,1465,6,,F,Other than remembering what I did to remove myself and the fact that I would do this and that it was fun I dont remember too much else.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",maste,child,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2489,ADC,1536,43,,F,See Above    ,,dutch,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Remedia,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2490,NDE,1398,32,,F,"I remember a feeling of being sucked out of my body, sort of like separating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich with all the stickiness and resistance. After I was completely separated I was observing from above as they were performing CPR and attaining IV access. The doctor put my body in Trudelenburg position. At this point, my attention is drawn away by a feeling that someone was calling me. My attention became focused on this sparkling light, I want to call it a warm glowing light but it is hard to describe because the physical sensation of warmth was not really present. As soon as I acknowledged this light, I was just in it. There were these rainbow orbs that spoke to me and there were people there in what I was communicated to be a sort of holding room. I didnt see anything other than people and orbs in this room that went on for what seemed like an eternity without walls or ceiling. Soon after, I remember laughing but not laughing like in a physical sense, but, in any case, laughing with the people in the room. It was like I ran into old friends and we just picked right back where we left off type of feeling. I dont really have a sense of time of how long I was there but I was guided to another location and there was a woman there who said that I was going to be experiencing what I termed a rewrite. This is so hard to put into words but she communicated to me that a different course was available to me if I so chose to follow it. I felt like everything was more real than anything I had ever experienced, so alive, so intelligent, so revealed. The woman was near a mountain, at the base of it in a vivacious green meadow. We sat for a while but I cannot put into words the things I learned, I dont even remember what I had learned until I come across events in my life that trigger the knowledge that was given to me. I know it sounds strange but it makes sense to me. I was given a choice. You can stay or you can go back. I remember asking questions, like, go back where? And as soon as I asked that question, I knew where. I dont think the complete question even came forth before the answer was already being revealed. This is when I could hear conversations going on. I could hear the people in my ICU room. Complete conversations. I became saddened and wanted to see but I was informed that I had to choose first. I heard my son crying, begging me to open my eyes. My attention went to the woman, her eyes were crystal clear pale blue eyes and she had long dark hair, dressed in a sort of plain creamy colored garb. She never spoke sound words, it was telepathic thoughts. She revealed different life traumas I had experienced up to that point; I was wondering why only the traumas and not the good times, and just as I had that thought the answer was that it serves a purpose and that purpose comes to me at different times since my near death. I also heard my mothers prayers and the prayers of others pleading for my health and wellness. I recall leaving the woman in the field and I just seemed to float away...into space...and it felt as if though I had rushed millions maybe even billions of miles away in seconds. I seen these other worlds and other peoples only to be drawn back in a flash to the holding room. It was time for me to decide and it seemed urgent; will I accept the rewrite or stay where I was; there was no right or wrong choice. Only my choice. I longed for my children, knowing that things would be very different in a bad way if I chose to stay. I was communicated that my road to recovery would be hard at first, but would get easier as time went by. It was hard for me to conceive how this time would be if I returned. I felt drawn back and chose to go back all the while knowing it was going to be difficult. As soon as I made the choice, the people in the holding room became ecstatic and exuberant and I thought this was the strangest occurrence of the whole ordeal. I all of a sudden felt the most unbearable discomfort, my body. I tried to open my eyes and couldnt, I felt the loudness of my heart beating at an unthinkable speed, I immediately came back out of my body and hovered over it for a moment before entering again. The next thing I remember is the nurses and doctor in the ICU room asking me to stay calm because I was connected to a ventilator. My hands were secured to restraints. I couldnt focus my eyes when I first came back, I had been in a coma for 9 days. I had apparently became septic after surgery and went into septic shock. On entering the ICU on July 1, 2002, I slipped into a coma, they intubated me, and there I lay dying until July 9th, my daughters birthday. A few hours had passed and I kept seeing people that the nurses said were not there and experiencing odd things like seeing fish swimming in the air. I know what I had experienced was real and som",,Citizen,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Custome,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2491,ME ,1366,34,,F,"I was sitting under a tree and began to think the tree was conscious. Shortly thereafter I felt I was being contacted by my deceased father who said he was worried about the fact that my mother still smoked. (He died of lung cancer in 1981). After a day another entity took my fathers place. He said his name was Thieliel and that he was a Greek scribe who had been captured by the Assyrians and forced into service. I got a flash of him falling to his death from a tower and some pages of strange script. He said that as a suicide he had chosen to spend some time in the afterlife as a guide to prevent the suicide of someone else.  After this encounter, for several days the world seemed to get darker and more threatening, like, physically. My husband wanted to put me in a mental hospital and I feared Id never see my children again. At the worst of it I said a common Catholic prayer--at that point, I was hearing terrible suffering and was aware of this inky blackness. As soon as I said the prayer, whoosh! right out the top of my head into the Light. The Light was 1) timeless, 2) all knowing, 3) perfect love. I was part of it, yet myself also. I saw in this state that time as we know it is an illusion and that love and knowledge cannot be separated. I also had access to any knowledge, even things that today I would struggle to understand.    ",,I am a US,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2492,DEE,1336,37,,F,It was just like a tiny orb darting in then out of the room. I was a little scared but also a little comforted thinking it might be my grandfather. It moved fast and deliberate. I never stayed at my grandmothers house again in fear that it might happen again.     ,,uS citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,Stay at,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2493,DEE,1305,55,,F,"One day when I was 55, my spiritual life shifted into a new direction. This is a funny and ironic story. I was shopping alone in my local Bed, Bath and Beyond store, buying stuff and yet another set of bed linens because I didnt have that particular shade of beige. I suddenly stopped walking and looked down at all the stuff in my cart and felt a longing. I thought to myself, Is this it? Is this all there is to life? That Peggy Lee song came into my head: Is That All There Is? I just stood there, in that store, staring at all my stuff in the cart, and feeling a strong yearning to find a deeper meaning to life. I wasnt thinking to find God yet. I just wanted to know a deeper meaning to life. I couldnt believe that life was just about cooking dinners, buying bed linens and sending people greeting cards. I didnt realize then that I wanted to find God. The funny and ironic part of this story is that God planted this second seed (the first seed had to do with Rose Kennedys face, which Ill submit soon) at the store called Bed, Bath and BEYOND. A girlfriend brought this irony to my attention, which I didnt get at the time of the STE. At the moment that my STE occurred, I told myself that I was going to find a deeper meaning in life. My mood changed. I was now joyful and hopeful that I would find Meaning in life. I was a little excited by my new project.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2494,DEE,1177,43,,F,"After hanging up the phone with my younger sister, I said out loud that as a family we could not endure another experience with cancer. My father had died of a glioblastoma at age 54 in 1978. I prayed with concern over my sisters initial test results and began to cry uncontrollably. Very suddenly, I began to feel an exceptionally warm energy burning beneath my stomach but above my abdomen. This warm energy began slowly traveling up through the center of my body. By the time it entered my head, I had received knowledge that my sisters test results would turn out to show a benign condition. I cant describe how I knew this, but I was 100% certain that that would be the outcome and I had received this knowledge from some knowing entity. At the same time this was happening to me, my cat in the hallway started showing very peculiar behavior. He was standing on 3 legs with one of his front legs in the air a position Ive never seen a cat take. In addition, he seemed to be in a trance. When I called his name, he could not hear me. His head was moving slowly from side to side, left to right, like he was transfixed by some image. I looked in the direction of his gaze and saw nothing but darkness. He stayed in this position with these movements for several minutes in a trance-like state. After this was all over for him and me, I phoned my sister back and told her of my experience and told her she had absolutely nothing to worry about concerning the tests she was to take the next day and that I was phoning her now so the next day when she had the tests she would have proof of the truthfulness of my experience.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,assista,,divor,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2495,NDE,1411,18,,F,"I remember very vividly everything, unlike most memories, this one has never faded. I found myself above my mom and the dog going up the stairs, though I didnt realize it until later, I thought Id just been following them. As she got to the phone, she yelled at the dog, because he was acting up, and made the call.  When she gave the wrong address to the dispatcher (who knew me well since I worked there), and then gave the right address, I could hear what the dispatcher was saying (Sherry? the one who works here? (mom: yes, we need you right away, shes not breathing and we dont know whats wrong Dispatcher: well be there right away, Im sending them out now.) My mom hung up the phone without saying goodbye. Shortly after that I was back in my body, my Dad had lifted me by the shoulders and it dislodged my tongue from my throat and allowed air in. When my mom came into the room I asked her why shed given them our address and the wrong address at that, and why shed yelled at the dog, he wasnt doing anything wrong. She looked at me shocked, and said shed not given the wrong address, and I said she did, then she remembered she had. While in the floating state, everything was just so vibrant, alive..even the air felt alive to me, like it was swirling around me, in an almost comforting way. But the colors, the sounds....they were...just incredible, I cant even come up with words that describe it, there are none.  I didnt hear music or anything, but it was more of a .... well, a sound like.......you know what a creek sounds like when the water moves smoothly over rocks, the soft rushing sound? It was similar to that. (yes another thing I have no description of, only the memory of the sound.) It was extremely soothing, peaceful, and the lights even seemed so much brighter, everything did.     ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Fire De,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2496,ADC,1449,44,,F,"Re-telling that, is as real to me now as when it happened. I dont remember intact dreams like some people can. Never have been able to.    ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2497,ME ,1241,40,,M,"I dont remember precisely when it occured...whether it was a few hours later, or that night...but I felt an explosion of energy within my consciousness. The spaces between my thoughts, the stillness from which all thought arises, became alive as a vibrating, pulsating energy. I use the analogy of imagining that there was some kind of cosmic generator attached to me with a cord to the back of my head. This generator was directly attached to the very stuff of consciousness; to the energy which is present in the stillness which lies behind thoughts and emotions. And this generator was gradually turning up the juice; as much as I could handle. This energy was not experienced as a physical sensation (although there were some physical correlates to it). It was directly tied to my consciousness. At first it felt as though the energy w    ",,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",maste,Social,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2498,OBE,1465,6,,F,Other than remembering what I did to remove myself and the fact that I would do this and that it was fun I dont remember too much else.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",maste,child,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2499,OBE,1236,41,,F,"It took a second to collect my thoughts as I had never spontaneously gone out-of-body while awake unless I had been consciously trying to. Once alert, I noticed an older truck in my direct view. It was an odd, faded color of purple. As the color caught my attention, the truck hummed to life. A man had started the motor and was backing up.  Behind the truck, sitting in the driveway playing, was a small child aged 2-3. Horrified, I watched as the truck backed over the little child. Intuitively I knew it was the boys father who had unknowingly run over, and killed the child.  Immediately the infant boys essense popped out of his body. There was a translucent quality to it, but for me it was more of a strong sensing of his presence. He was bewildered, and unsure of what to do. Disoriented.  Having had an NDE some seven years prior, I knew that I was there to lead this little one to the Light. I mentally asked him if I could help, and he agrred. Following my lead, we drifted toward a pinpoint of Light in the far distance. He calmed significantly and headed on toward the Light. I melded back into my body and became physically alert again.    ",,Citizen,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Financi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2500,DEE,1147,35,,F,"After an abortion in 1971, I experienced great remorse. Following a series of God-sent visions, I entered a Bible study program in the Catholic Church that led me to Eucharistic Adoration. During my first Eucharistic adoration, the love of God, emanating from the Eucharist, surged like a wave through my being. I was immediately released from remorse.  A few months later, an acquaintance who works for the Catholic Church asked me to create a self-published prayer book of remembrance for parents who are grieving the death of a child from miscarriage or abortion.  In 2003, Book of the Innocents was the first publication authored by lay people to be published by the Catholic Church\xe2\x80\x99s official publishing company, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. Parents can enter the name of their \xe2\x80\x9clost\xe2\x80\x9d child in the book.    ",,citizen,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2501,ME ,1181,29,,F,"Immediately I experienced a musical, multi=colored light that was dimensional and had moving facets as it poured into me, and I heard Jesus chuckling (I was somewhat indignant, did He not see my sorry estate?) He chuckled in a fatherly way as though I were a newborn kitten with its eyes closed in terms of understanding anything and He asked me Are you afraid to suffer? Then, then! The influx of a body of knowledge instantly came into me about how short life is and how long eternity is, how there is no suffering in eternity and nothing can ever hurt Jesus so He has no need of pride because He cant be hurt, I perceived that He is completely humble because of that total lack of need for pride. He is perfectly happy to have anyone, anyone, anyone! join Him in heaven, and is happy to have anyone even want to join Him there, especially if you dont hate Him. I was shocked that anyone could hate Him, but yes, people do and He is happy to let them go elsewhere. The musical colored light had brought me a complete mood change from agonizing mental pain to joy. I felt I would climb mountains and swim the sea for Jesus. He was jovial and amused, humble and enthralling.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Secreta,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2502,ME ,1482,39,,F,    ,,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Auditor,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2503,DEE,1297,67,,F,"Hank, my husband, and I were getting ready to move on December 10, 2012 from Ossining, New York to Milford, Connecticut. Most of the house was already packed up. I had gone through the whole coat closet downstairs by the front door, throwing stuff out and organizing what I wanted to pack up at that time or wait until moving day. There was a small shelf above the coat hangar bar that I looked over while standing on a stool to see what was up there and what needed to be thrown out. There were mostly gloves and hats which I kept there in case we needed them. We had just arrived home at night from eating out Thanksgiving Dinner on November 22, 2012. Hank hung up his coat first in the lit up coat closet. Then I took out a hangar, hung my coat on it and, while looking toward Hank and talking to him, I went to hang up my coat without looking at the bar or what I was doing because I knew that closet so well, after living in this house for 22 years. I had trouble getting the hangar hook to go over the bar. I tried and tried but the hook wouldnt go on the bar. It kept getting stuck on something. So I looked at the bar and saw there was a chain of some kind hanging down from the shelf above. There was a sliver of an opening between the slats of the wooden shelf and a chain had made its way through the opening and hung down in a loop, the narrow opening of which happened to be facing the tip of the hangar. So when I aimed, without looking, the tip of the hangar to go on the bar, it went through the narrow loop instead and got stuck there. I looked at the chain. I couldnt understand where this chain came from. I knew everything that was on the shelf and there was no chain. I pulled on the chain. It came down through the slat opening and a medallion of some kind followed it. I looked at this medallion with its long neck chain in the palm of my hand and just stared at it. I couldnt believe my eyes. That was my medallion and my chain that I had mysteriously lost 5 years previous. I had this piece of jewelry custom made for me, based on the image that I had seen when I was 29 years of age of a glow and cross. The medallion was a white Mother of Pearl flat, round disk (glow) with a MOP cross affixed onto the disk. When I received this gift to myself from the jeweler, I loved it and wore it every single day for about a year. One night Hank and I were going to a special place and I wanted to wear a special necklace that would conflict with the medallion and chain, so I took it off and probably placed it on my dresser in the bedroom, as I was planning to wear it again the next day. I either placed it on the top of my dresser or put it into my jewelry drawer in the dresser. The next day when I awoke, I looked for the medallion to put it on again and I couldnt find it. I looked on the dresser top, in all the drawers, on the floor around the dresser, in our bedroom, in the bathrooms and in all the rooms of my home, but Hank and I couldnt find it. It was missing for about 5 years and during those years, I kept on looking all over my house for the medallion, but with no luck. Then I thought that God was mad at me for taking it off, so It took it away. So, 5 years later, God had miraculously given back to me my medallion in such an incredible way. I showed it to Hank in disbelief. He was amazed how that medallion came back to me, and 5 years later! Then I told Hank that I had a bad thought, that It gave it back to me because something bad or hard was going to happen during or after our move and I would need this medallion that I loved so much and which connected me to God and Its serenity. Ive been wearing the medallion every day since and will wear it every single day always, even if it doesnt go with a fancy outfit. Our move was hard but Hank and I survived it and are doing well. Although we have to move again in a year and dont know where we will live, though we want to stay in Milford.       ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2504,ADC,1372,15,,F,"I only heard, I did not see anything other than the room I was standing in. I understood that my mother loved me.    ",,US citize,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2505,ADC,1407,44,,F,"During my few encounters while I was asleep, I always woke up a little amused I had another message from Dad. I always felt his presence in my dream like he was sitting next to me. These were really clear, concise experiences. I experienced him as though he was in his 20s vibrant,strong, full head of hair, but with the persona of when he died in his 80s. The last one I had was the one that had the most dramatic influence on my spiritual life. He communicated with me about something mundane again I actually dont recall the issue now. But after that communication, he told me that he would not be communicating with me anymore. I cant say that it was like a conversation. It was more like just receiving this knowledge in a full block, or like being filled with it. The communication gave me the knowledge that it was difficult for him to be sort of tethered to this world because where he was was so glorious and full of joy that he just couldnt maintain a focus on my world anymoe. With that communication was delivered a sense or an experience of that glory and joy. I was overwhelmed with the thought of it. I woke up in tears for both what I had seen and also knowing that what I thought was an almost funny link to my deceased father that would go on for the rest of my life, was over. I havent heard from him since, but I feel the experience gave me knowledge that I almost wasnt supposed to have.    ",,US citize,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",colle,I am a,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2506,NDE,1398,32,,F,"I remember a feeling of being sucked out of my body, sort of like separating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich with all the stickiness and resistance. After I was completely separated I was observing from above as they were performing CPR and attaining IV access. The doctor put my body in Trudelenburg position. At this point, my attention is drawn away by a feeling that someone was calling me. My attention became focused on this sparkling light, I want to call it a warm glowing light but it is hard to describe because the physical sensation of warmth was not really present. As soon as I acknowledged this light, I was just in it. There were these rainbow orbs that spoke to me and there were people there in what I was communicated to be a sort of holding room. I didnt see anything other than people and orbs in this room that went on for what seemed like an eternity without walls or ceiling. Soon after, I remember laughing but not laughing like in a physical sense, but, in any case, laughing with the people in the room. It was like I ran into old friends and we just picked right back where we left off type of feeling. I dont really have a sense of time of how long I was there but I was guided to another location and there was a woman there who said that I was going to be experiencing what I termed a rewrite. This is so hard to put into words but she communicated to me that a different course was available to me if I so chose to follow it. I felt like everything was more real than anything I had ever experienced, so alive, so intelligent, so revealed. The woman was near a mountain, at the base of it in a vivacious green meadow. We sat for a while but I cannot put into words the things I learned, I dont even remember what I had learned until I come across events in my life that trigger the knowledge that was given to me. I know it sounds strange but it makes sense to me. I was given a choice. You can stay or you can go back. I remember asking questions, like, go back where? And as soon as I asked that question, I knew where. I dont think the complete question even came forth before the answer was already being revealed. This is when I could hear conversations going on. I could hear the people in my ICU room. Complete conversations. I became saddened and wanted to see but I was informed that I had to choose first. I heard my son crying, begging me to open my eyes. My attention went to the woman, her eyes were crystal clear pale blue eyes and she had long dark hair, dressed in a sort of plain creamy colored garb. She never spoke sound words, it was telepathic thoughts. She revealed different life traumas I had experienced up to that point; I was wondering why only the traumas and not the good times, and just as I had that thought the answer was that it serves a purpose and that purpose comes to me at different times since my near death. I also heard my mothers prayers and the prayers of others pleading for my health and wellness. I recall leaving the woman in the field and I just seemed to float away...into space...and it felt as if though I had rushed millions maybe even billions of miles away in seconds. I seen these other worlds and other peoples only to be drawn back in a flash to the holding room. It was time for me to decide and it seemed urgent; will I accept the rewrite or stay where I was; there was no right or wrong choice. Only my choice. I longed for my children, knowing that things would be very different in a bad way if I chose to stay. I was communicated that my road to recovery would be hard at first, but would get easier as time went by. It was hard for me to conceive how this time would be if I returned. I felt drawn back and chose to go back all the while knowing it was going to be difficult. As soon as I made the choice, the people in the holding room became ecstatic and exuberant and I thought this was the strangest occurrence of the whole ordeal. I all of a sudden felt the most unbearable discomfort, my body. I tried to open my eyes and couldnt, I felt the loudness of my heart beating at an unthinkable speed, I immediately came back out of my body and hovered over it for a moment before entering again. The next thing I remember is the nurses and doctor in the ICU room asking me to stay calm because I was connected to a ventilator. My hands were secured to restraints. I couldnt focus my eyes when I first came back, I had been in a coma for 9 days. I had apparently became septic after surgery and went into septic shock. On entering the ICU on July 1, 2002, I slipped into a coma, they intubated me, and there I lay dying until July 9th, my daughters birthday. A few hours had passed and I kept seeing people that the nurses said were not there and experiencing odd things like seeing fish swimming in the air. I know what I had experienced was real and som",,Citizen,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Custome,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2507,ME ,1325,15,,F,"THIS IS THE OPENING PARAGRAPH OF A BOOK IM WRITING: I was going on fifteen when the Creator of the universe decided to zap me, at a junior high Bible study I\xe2\x80\x99d gone to for purely social reasons. (I\xe2\x80\x99d known I was gay for about a year, but\xe2\x80\x94happily\xe2\x80\x94the process of chasing girls wasn\xe2\x80\x99t really any different from what most of my friends were doing to chase boys.) After a half hour or so of chips and dip, Hawaiian Punch, and awkward attempts to impress our newfound objects of desire, we giggly adolescents settled down in our classmate\xe2\x80\x99s living room, and the Presbyterian minister began a simple talk about the parable of the sower. A few minutes into it, suddenly a huge presence\xe2\x80\x94way too big and powerful to be a product of my imagination\xe2\x80\x94was lifting me up and showing me, in a blinding flash of light and truth, that everything on Earth was contained within a sort of giant aquarium, which was itself part of a larger world where everything was filled with love and light. Suspended, just for an instant, above the sofas and chairs and paintings, I knew everything was going to be OK, and that nothing earthly was really very important in itself, due to the planet\xe2\x80\x99s position as a world within a larger world. A minute or two later, I tuned back in to the minister\xe2\x80\x99s talk, and he was on the last category of the sower\xe2\x80\x99s seed, that which fell on the good soil and yielded a hundredfold crop. This made my brain feel like it was going to explode with joy.     ",,US citize,"100,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",docto,ninth g,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2508,NDA,1386,17,,F,"One night, I had a dream. I remember being outside of my grandfather house. Outside of the house was my grandfather. He approached me, and we were happy to see each other. I knew it had been a while since I saw him. And, I also knew that she was currently sick and afraid of him leaving me [to the afterlife]. My grandfather took my hand, and we walked into his house. The view inside the house, during the dream, was identical to his real house. What I found unusual was that all the lights were out except the one straight ahead- his room.  As we proceeded to walk towards his room, he was telling me that things were going to be fine. That, at first, things were going to feel like they are spinning out of control. As if I was standing with my arms out, spinning in circles, losing my balance- THAT type of loss of control. Although I found comfort in his words, I didnt know what he actually meant, until after his death.  When we approached the bedroom door, I could not believe my eyes. In front of me, was a hospital bed and my grandfather was in it! My grandfather was in his bed, facing my direction; he was asleep. Behind him, sitting, was his 2nd wife, his daughter, Lucy, and his son, Danny. To my left [and my grandfathers], sitting on a chair, was my mother. All of them were looking straight at my grandfather. I could not believe that I was in the presence of two grandfathers- and the same one!!  Seeing my grandfather in the hospital bed created a magnetic pull. I could not remove my eyes from him. I had never seen him in such a state. He was always alert, active, and immediately greeting me. This was the first time that I ever saw him so disconnected from everyone else, especially in their presence.  Seeing that there was an empty chair right next to his bed, I immediately sat on it. I felt I was trying to be close to him as I possibly could. This was the man I had loved all my life. He was my father, my comfort, and my strength. I admired this man profusely. And, knowing that I had denied seeing him for so many months, he needed to know I was finally there.  I apologized to him for not being there for when he needed me the most. I told him I was scared of losing him and I was scared that he would pass away once he already saw me. (He had seen every family member, but me. Due to how our relationship was, my withdrawal had shocked everyone. I thought you loved your grandfather, why arent you seeing him? You know that he is dying. Go see him.) Once I finished venting to my grandfather, asking him for forgiveness, his eyes opened. He looked at me. I returned the look. And he closed them again. Right then I knew that I was right. He WAS waiting for me. He wasnt leaving yet because we hadnt said goodbye. And I was the last person that he needed to see. But, I knew that I wasnt ready to let him go. Feeling overwhelmed, I reached out to him. I went for his hand and I grabbed it. It was my first touch with him in months. And once I held his hand, I heard his last breath. I was then informed he died. Everyone around was crying, including myself. With the pain of a broken heart, and having everything feel so real, I immediately woke up from my dream. I woke up sweating and bursting into tears. I could not stop crying. I had felt as if my grandfather had truly passed away.  My mother, who was sleeping next to me at the time (she didnt want to be alone during this moment in her life- being a daddys girl) woke up with fright. She didnt know what happened to me. I relived the dream by telling her every single detail. She reached out to a relative who informed her that my grandfather was still alive. - Exactly one week later, still fearful of my dream, and still avoiding seeing my dying grandfather, my mom informed me that she had just seen my grandfather. She informed me that now it was just a matter of hours or minutes. Without thinking, I immediately got ready. It was probably 10:00-11:00 at night. On my way over there, those fears werent present. But once I walked up to my grandfathers door- all my fears came flooding back. I did not know what to expect. Was my dream just a dream? Or, would it become a reality?? As my mother and I walked in through the door. My heart slumped to the bottom of my stomach. Just like my dream- the house was dark except for the back room- my grandfathers room. I began to experience anxiety. I was praying my steps towards the room would be nothing like my dream. I had so much hope in those few seconds which felt like an hour. When I walked into the bedroom, there he was: my grandfather laying on a bed, facing my direction. Behind him, my 2nd wife, my aunt Lucy, and my uncle Danny. My mother took a seat to my left. And I, I was offered the empty seat next to him. The seat from my dreams!  I had so many thoughts come up. I could not believe that I was r",,US Citize,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,High Sc,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2509,OBE,1552,9,,M,"The dream/experience seems to begin as usual but I started to notice things that I wouldnt normally catch my attention. The first item I recall was looking down at the cloverleaf intersection of the SR55 freeway (we called the Newport freeway even though its officially known as the Costa Mesa freeway) and Interstate 5. It was odd as it seemed as though it was daytime not nighttime. The next commented I made to myself was I could see the top of an apartment building nearby and the air conditioning units on the rooftop. Shortly after that point I felt or sensed something above me. A feeling of warm love and a golden light radiating from above but all around caught my attention. As it did, I slowly ascended towards this wonderful place above me but after a few moment I felt the presence of two beings. I dont seem to recall actually seeing anyone I just felt/knew they were there. There seemed to be something humorous or playful about them I want to say angels but it seems awkward to do so..... Anyway they told me I could not be there and that I had to go back, it was a little disappointing to hear but I didnt feel bad. I agreed after a bit and started to head down and when I felt there attention drift I turned back and headed towards the light. They quickly appeared or I felt them nearby and again they said I had to return. This time I, in the way of a child said, but its so wonderful I dont want too. At this, the beings, almost with a feeling of good humor and laughter said I had too! I played with them a bit trying to continue up but gave in and woke right up in bed. I knew instantly this wasnt just a dream....    ",,US citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",Some,Student,,single,widow,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2510,ADC,1372,15,,F,"I only heard, I did not see anything other than the room I was standing in. I understood that my mother loved me.    ",,US citize,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2511,ADC,1409,39,,F,"I looked to my right and saw Bob standing there looking just as he always had except that he looked very happy. He looked happier than I had ever seen him in the 13 years we were together. Maybe contented is a better description. We had a conversation. I know we did. But I cant recall a single word. As soon as it was over, I couldnt remember what he said or why he came. All I remember clearly is his smile. What I had thought was a brilliant sun light coming through a window was actually a mist-like energy. He turned and walked into it, becoming part of it. The room returned to normal. I got frightened and wondered what I had just seen. I scooted down under the covers without coving my eyes. I was in total shock. It was real, but what was it? Was it a premonition? Was I supposed to take action? Then I remembered his smile and decided action wasnt necessary. I didnt know what to do but try to forget it and go on. As far as I knew, Bob was fine and living across town.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Associa,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2512,OBE,1056,26,,F,"I had gone to bed and was dreaming that I was walking toward one of the classsrooms at the school I was attending. The classroom looked a little different, in that it had windows on three sides. There were students sitting quietly in the classroom, and the light was out. I could see the students sitting in the dark, and I wondered why they were sitting there in the dark when I could see a light coming from under one of the doors. I remember thinking that it was ok if they wanted to sit in the dark but that I wanted to go toward the light. As I opened the door I was surrounded by the brightest light I have every seen, so bright that it would normally cause one to close their eyes. It was the most warm, most loving, most peaceful experience- words cannot describe it. At the same time I realized I could see all around me, that I was not a body standing in the light but I was one with the light. I had no face, no eyes, no body. I dont know how long I was there. It was so beautiful, so peaceful, so loving and yet it wasnt separate from me, I was a part of it. Suddenly I woke up. I tried to go back to sleep to continue it but I couldnt. I was so disappointed that I couldnt get back.     ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,religious,religious,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2513,ADC,1455,34,,F,"With regards to the above....when I got home, my husband was not there, but a note on the counter he had left me said Chryalsis, I am ashamed to say I didnt know how to pronounce it so I went about my usual chores. When my husband got home I asked him what it was, when he pronounced it everything came together, I was standing there with my mouth open. He went on to say it is a battered womans shelter who needs womens business clothes to help the women there get out and get a jog so they can be on their own and be successful. My best friend Amanda was adopted...she tried for years to find her birth mother....when she finally found her...it was two weeks after her birth mother had died from a beating from a husband. Amanda never got to meet her. I had no doubt this was a communication to me as to where she wanted her clothes to go. I have had several more communication even up to present day.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,I owned,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2514,OBE,1531,30,,F,"I must first start out by explaining that I have had OBEs my entire life, beginning when I was about 9 or 10 years old. It was at this age that I began watching tv programs about people being visited by their guardian angels, or other such spirits, who had saved their lives, or sent these people messages of some monumental significance.  I was very much affected by these programs and began praying to god, or to whoever was listening to me, for some sign of the \xe2\x80\x98other side,\xe2\x80\x99 because I knew deep inside that there was more to life and I wanted to experience it firsthand as these other people did. I prayed every day obsessively and even created my own Ouija board out of paper and a ring, thinking I could make some sort of connection. The ring did eventually move, to my astonishment, but it was just my own energy that I was becoming aware of. So I began to feel my own energy throughout my body, as I do to this day, although for some time I believed it was a spirit taking over my body because it felt so foreign at the time, and as a young child I just didn\xe2\x80\x99t know any better.  Shortly after being aware of my own energy I began to feel my energy leave my body at night when I was falling asleep.  It was incredibly startling and disturbing, as it would jolt me awake, just as I was beginning to fall asleep. As I would awaken my energy would immediately slam back into my body. As a child I thought this was the devil taking my soul away, and I used to cry and pray to god at night. This happened all the time, and it was very frightening, and there was no one I could tell because I knew I would sound crazy. One night when I was crying and praying, I suddenly felt \xe2\x80\x93and had the image of- someone kissing my cheek. I felt the energy touch my face and sink into my skin- and then I felt an immense, overwhelming wave of intense love encompass my entire body, and I knew in my soul that I was loved and taken care of, that I was perfectly safe. I was in complete shock, and my tears turned to tears of joy- someone had responded to my prayers! I knew I was going to be ok! Somehow whatever was happening to me at night was not as horrible as I thought it was\xe2\x80\xa6and so I let it happen, knowing I was protected. I was so stunned by what happened-I had truly made a connection, the connection I had been yearning for. I knew there was more to this life, I knew there was nothing to fear, that someone or something was looking out for me. My fear of evil dissipated. I got used to feeling my energy leave my body at night, and it became a familiar sensation. Years later I would meet a friend in high school who would explain me that what I was experiencing was astral projection, and I would read books on the subject, as well as on many other metaphysical topics. As a teenager I would meditate and consciously expand my awareness, teaching myself to experience that profound love again and again, I would see auras, and have many other eye-opening spiritual experiences.  Throughout the years I have experienced OBEs in my dreams quite often, where I am flying around outside, in my house, out in space, all over the place. It is a fabulous feeling. I have not been able to consciously leave my body, though-only in dreams. As an adult I am very spiritual but I do not believe in any one religion or doctrine, nor in any god, heaven or hell, or in evil. I believe in my experiences, and in a profound and universal love that we are all a part of, not separate from, because of what I have felt and witnessed in my lifetime over and over again. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when I was 20 yrs old, and I was on lithium for 10 years when we come to the present time when this story unfolds, in July of 2013. There are many other events surrounding my experience I am to speak of, which are important to mention. At the time I most likely had lithium toxicity, as I was physically sick and severely confused, and my body was in convulsions for what seemed like weeks. I couldn\xe2\x80\x99t eat very well on my own due to the spasms and it took me an immense amount of time to get dressed and perform normal tasks due to the uncontrollable spasms caused by lithium toxicity. I never knew what day it was it was or what had even happened the day before. I was in bad shape. At the same time I was also malnourished for reasons I can only speculate onmy boyfriend had recently broken up with me so I had fallen into a deep depression, I was hardly eating, forgetting to take my meds, and hardly sleeping. I most likely was suffering from a mental breakdown. I was 89 pounds, which was also caused by the fact that I was on adderall- I had already been underweight, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t know how in the world I had lost 10 pounds so quickly. My brain was so fuzzy during that time period, s",,U.S. Citi,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",Some,Medical,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2515,NDE,1215,20,,F,"Instantly the pain stopped and I found myself in the most beautiful place, no shape, no form, every thing was rose colored and the music that I heard was indescribably beautiful. I felt no pain only the deepest of peace, no other forms or persons, just the color pink totally surrounding me and holding me. But I coudnt stay there and the next thing I knew I was back in the delivery room and the first thing I heard was my sons healthy cry.  I learned that God had a special purpose for my life or He never would have brought me back into this painfilled world. But I now had 2 little children who needed me to be their mother and I have been that for the past 52 years amongst a whole lot of other roles.    ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Housewi,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2516,NDE,1052,42,,F,"As I was holding my son I began praying (to a God that I hoped existed although I certainly was not sure actually did...too much scientist in me). As I held him and prayed I became keenly aware of this dark presence following quickly behind my son and me. This awareness was not in real time but still, an intense awareness of this strong force. I began having chills and intestinal disturbances and felt true terror. As I felt this force nearing both of us and about to encircle us. I was very aware that this force was actually the dark angel of death. My prayer changed from please God, allow my son to live to God, if you have to take him then he is your child not mine. And I am aware that I am your child as well and you will have to help me. At that precise moment I felt a shift in my sons breathing. In the upper left corner of the room I became aware of a brilliant and luminescent light. This light slowly grew and filled the upper quadrant of the darkened room. I honestly thought that I was having a stress induced migraine and was having an aura. However, when I turned my head the aura did not follow with my movements. The light remained in that left upper corner of the room. The brightness of it grew and grew and enlarged to where it filled the room. I tried to look at the light but it was too bright. The light was the most brilliant and beautiful light that I have even seen. I had never (and still have never) seen anything like it. It was more than light...like it had consistancy. And then this incredible awareness occurred and my thought was oh my God, its God. And in that moment I becamse aware that God was/is more real than anything else that I had ever seen or known. My perception of God changed in that instance from my being a skeptic to the assurance that God is a definite and known entity. It was as real as anything that I have ever seen. I felt bathed in this glow and felt warmed....held and loved. Im not sure how long this lasted but slowly the light rescended but the awareness did not. The feeling that I had was the peace that surpasses all understanding. I knew that my son was going to be fine. My chills disappeared and I felt no more worry or anxiety. The doctors continued to check on my son and finally an hour after the light appeared they came in and said we think that hes turned the corner. I felt like they sure got the news on a delayed schedule. For a long time I felt that I was having some stress response to my sons health crisis but the knowing has never receded. Ive ever since referred to this as my near death experience by proxy. My son improved and was released from the hospital several days later. That event still is vivid and real in my mind like it happened yesterday. The awareness and belief from that experience has continued on to this day.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Physica,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2517,ADC,1433,22,,F,"I dreamed I went into an art-house movie theater that I liked. I walked down the aisle to sit down, found a seat, and looked over to see my father sitting next to me. I could see every line and detail on his face, so I knew it was him. I was speechless, and excited, and tried to think of something to say. I kind of stammered, did you want to meet my fiance? He said, No I just want to be with you. I felt such peace knowing that he loved me after all.    ",,born citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,working,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2518,ADC,1395,55,,F,"Everything was white, I felt calm and happy. It was very quiet. I believed that Butch was actually communicating with me. Different encounters happened, 1 prior to this and 2 after this.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Registe,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2519,OBE,1444,25,,F,I dont recall any of it...is was though i was in a trance...my spirit was being shared...what i do know for sure is that i have been chosen and have many life experiences to support that...i know the world we struggle to accept.    ,,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Pre-Med,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2520,ME ,1478,46,,M,"This life changing event happened to me the latter part of October 2004  For many years I\xe2\x80\x99d been searching for a closer walk with God and financial success. My library of books and tapes are very extensive. I have read many books over twice and listened to tapes and CD\xe2\x80\x99s over and over and over again. I\xe2\x80\x99d started this learning process about 5 years ago and for the last three years I\xe2\x80\x99ve gotten very serious about it. So much so that I don\xe2\x80\x99t read the paper, I don\xe2\x80\x99t watch the news on TV and my TV time is limited to almost nothing. I\xe2\x80\x99ve rented about 5 movies in the last five years. No movie theaters and I\xe2\x80\x99d recently turned off the car radio of any type of media or learning material and just thought positive thoughts while driving. The books that I read are the Bible, books on how our minds work, books on Personal Development and Spirituality. However I really didn\xe2\x80\x99t actually believe that the Spirit world existed So one day I have no Idea how I got there but I\xe2\x80\x99m on the website of a well known Success coach and trainer. On her site an interesting book catches my eye. I order the book and it arrives quickly. I start reading the book and it makes allot of sense. About a third way through the book I come upon a passage that says \xe2\x80\x9cOk, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to now tell you about my 5 agreements in business not to be confused with the Four Agreements of Don Miguel Ruiz. If you want to learn about his four agreements you can get his book titled the Four Agreements and read about them\xe2\x80\x9d.  Nothing else was mentioned about that subject and I kept reading. About 3 pages after that statement I felt compelled to go back. I found the author and the title of the book \xe2\x80\x9cThe Four Agreements\xe2\x80\x9d. I was sitting at my desk in front of my computer so I went to Ebay and clicked on a Buy It Now and had the book in my hand three day\xe2\x80\x99s later. I thought it came to me very quickly. The book is written I am told, at a sixth grade level and it has about 140 pages. So I ate it up and read it in about 3 days. After reading it I thought to myself. This book makes so much sense. Just 4 agreements and I don\xe2\x80\x99t have to memorize a bunch of affirmations and make sure that I find the right one to say for the situation in my stack of 3X5\xe2\x80\x99 cards. I\xe2\x80\x99m thinking this is one of the best books I\xe2\x80\x99ve read and it\xe2\x80\x99s so simple to understand and implement. So I go in for round two with this book. I\xe2\x80\x99m going to read it again. About half way through the book is when it happens. My vision: It\xe2\x80\x99s 10:00am and I\xe2\x80\x99m sitting at my home office desk reading the book for the second time. The morning light is shining through my French doors. I\xe2\x80\x99m about half way through it when the room goes dark. I turn my chair to the left toward the light switch to see who\xe2\x80\x99s there. I stand and I drop the book to the floor out of my left hand. My desk is to my right. The book lands on a wood floor, bounces a couple of times and makes an echo like a book bouncing on a wood floor in an empty room. (The floor in my office is carpeted) I look around my room and it\xe2\x80\x99s not my room anymore. It\xe2\x80\x99s now as large as a high school gym and empty of everything except for my desk and chair and the floor is wood. My Room looks like an empty school gym. It is then that I see my office door. It\xe2\x80\x99s glowing and the colors on it have changed from white to Lapis Blue and the handle on the door is glowing an Orange/Gold color. The door appears to be breathing in and out. On it\xe2\x80\x99s in breath the door is puffed up and show cracks with the orange/gold color in them. The door and handle are illuminated like they\xe2\x80\x99re ready to explode and catch fire. I see smoke coming in from the door jam around the door frame on its out breath. I walk slowly to the door and grab the handle. I turn it clockwise and crack the door open about an inch to peak outside my room. An intense and bright white light comes through the one inch space. It startles me because of its intense brightness and the speed at which it came through the door so close to my face. The light is just like a laser. It is focused. It\xe2\x80\x99s not like it\xe2\x80\x99s flooding the room with light it\xe2\x80\x99s like a laser beam of bright white/golden light 1 inch wide and as tall as the door. In the light are many small brown particles about the size of pencil erasers. They\xe2\x80\x99re floating and moving along in the light, going by me, not real fast as they come in the door.   Then I open the door all the way. The door opens inward and from left to right. (as it normally would in my office) Immediately upon",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Before,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2521,ADC,1256,56,,M,"The following can best described as a conversation I had, in the middle of the night, with the spirit of my deceased friend, Gayle. She was a high school pal from my senior year at a well-known arts boarding school in Michigan. She passed away in January after a long grueling bout with cancer. Of course, we didn\xe2\x80\x99t speak in exact words, (other than the comment about \xe2\x80\x9c56 or 57 years\xe2\x80\x9d which I remember clearly), but I have written what was said in that wonderful, brief moment of connection when I felt I had a peek behind the curtain of mortality. Gayle Hey, Mike! Mike Gayle! Gayle I\xe2\x80\x99m OK, here. I\xe2\x80\x99m happy and at peace. Thank you for remembering me, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t want you to feel so badly. Mike I miss you so much! Gayle I know it seems like my life was cut short, but we don\xe2\x80\x99t say, \xe2\x80\x9cGayle lived 56 or 57 years\xe2\x80\x9d here. How long you were on earth doesn\xe2\x80\x99t matter. What matters is if you had a good life \xe2\x80\x93 if you knew God\xe2\x80\x99s love and touched other people with it. Mike Gayle \xe2\x80\x93 I understand \xe2\x80\x93 Quality not Quantity! Gayle Exactly! Mike, I had a wonderful life, so don\xe2\x80\x99t feel badly \xe2\x80\x93 just know peace and joy for me now. Mike I do feel it, Gayle. And I can be happy for you \xe2\x80\x93 I feel your peace and joy. It must be what heaven feels like. Gayle I love you, Mike. Mike (raising hand to touch a presence) Thank you, Gayle \xe2\x80\x93  And she was gone\xe2\x80\xa6    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Musicia,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2522,OBE,1371,26,,M,"What I observed, felt and saw were the most real things I ever experienced. As I slept, I didnt just float away I shot off like a rocket. I was going warp speed with a destination pre-programmed. I didnt know consciously where I was headed, I just knew I was going. It was very much the sensation of flying through space. It was dark like space, but I dont remember darkness. I do recall zooming past worlds, orbs really, not planets in the physical sense, but worlds nonetheless, near and far. I traveled at this warp speed what I could sense was a vast distance, multitudes beyond what we even have measurements for. When I came out of my travels, I found myself in the presence of these two men as described above.  And HERE is the most remarkable, profound, and intense part of this experience: Despite their important work of apparently saving a large population, when I arrived there, they both turned their full attention to me. Here, words truly lose their meaning. I have great reverence for these two men and the work they were seemingly doing, yet despite this they afforded me their full attention and admiration and love. They were happy to see ME! But it was so much more than that. I felt all of the infinite and unconditional love of the universe, the acceptance, everything Dr. Eben discussed in his book, if I may use that cop-out in lieu of attempting to describe the indescribable.  At the time, I had been dealing with being disrespected as a new EMT in a culture that big on attitude and tradition and small on respect. I learned one of the most important lessons of my life in that moment: That every being on earth is greeted with %1,000 full attention, love, admiration, and acceptance by God, with no regard to anything else thats going on. I cant fathom how its possible to everywhere and doing everything at once, despite the fact that I experienced beings capable of that while making me the center and sole focus of all that infinite love.  I clumsily and, I feel, stupidly introduced myself as Josh, from Oregon, as though that would have made sense. It did, apparently. As we all floated above this world with refugees down below, information was exchanged. There was a discussion. I do not recall nor did I upon waking- that discussion that was shared between the three of us. I was there to experience what I had upon my arrival. My mother, whom I was best friends with, died in 2002. My family was shattered, but I was the apple of my mothers eye. Her death is something that I still havent dealt with fully. I sense that this was at the heart of that exchange, however it was with some other part of me that I dont have access to right now.  When this conversation concluded, whatever it was, I remember making the journey back to my body. It was the exact same immeasurable distance, yet the time it took was very... well, there was no quick or slow about it. It just was. When I arrived back to my body, I snapped awake.  I immediately called my father who had been close friends with Pir Vilayat. My dad was very supportive and receptive, even happy that I had such a special dream.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,EMT-Bas,,single,single,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
2523,ME ,1219,5,,M,"A small room in the basement of my parents friends house in the suburbs of LaPorte, IN. My parents friends 5 year old son went downstairs to the basement to play and I followed him. He went into a small room and I followed him. The rights side of the room was filled with clouds or dense fog with bright beaming lights. My friend then went into the fog and disappeared. He told me he would be right back. I tried to follow him but was held back by an invisible force. I heard animal sounds, like horses an elephants. I waited basically frozen, then he reappeared and walked out of the clouds and we exited the room.    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,moder,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2524,ADC,1466,36,,F,the above description pretty well sums it all up.    ,,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,I owned,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2525,ME ,1270,29,,F,"In 1974 I was 29 years of age. (I am now 67 years of age.) I was feeling pretty despondent at that time, having spent four years trying to make a living as a visual fine artist in Manhattan but not succeeding. Not knowing how else to support myself, I enlisted in the Army. But as the day of my enlistment grew near, I was becoming increasingly anxious and fearful. I was a free spirit and knew I would hate losing my freedom and someone else telling me what to do. But if I didnt go, I didnt know how else to take care of myself. I did not want to go back to secretarial work, not after I fell in love with art. I was stuck in a tight spot.  Three days before the big day, I was sitting on my hotel bed. I had given up my apartment in Little Italy and took a room for 3 months in a midtown Manhattan hotel. I was just staring out into my room, not knowing which way to turn. It was daytime. With the suddenness of a light switch just turned on, a brilliant white, round glow with a more brilliant Christian cross embedded in the middle of the glow appeared before my eyes. The vision was suspended in mid air. The glow and cross were about ten inches tall and sat about eight feet in front of me, a little lower than my eye level. The light that emanated from the glow was contained. There werent any rays coming from it. The whole cross fit totally within the glow. The cross was a plain, elegant cross with no detail. The ends of the narrow vertical and horizontal bars were cut straight across. (This vision was entirely visual. I didnt feel, smell or hear anything.) Although the glow and cross were as intensely bright as a flame, I stared easily into it. I wasnt afraid by its presence or doubted what was before my eyes. I never said to myself, What is this? or Why is a Christian cross coming to me? I\xe2\x80\x99m Jewish. Actually, my mind was blank, without any thoughts. But I was transfixed by this sight, spiritually locked into it. I was aware that the glow and cross were calming me down, making me feel peaceful and serene. I think I was staring at it for a short period of time, maybe 15 minutes.  I remember how the glow and cross came on but I dont remember how it went away. After staring at it, I think I put my head down on a pillow and went to sleep. But the strange thing is that when I awoke, not only wasnt the vision still there but I didnt even remember that I saw it. Actually, I didnt remember this event until 30 years later, when I was sitting in my car experiencing my epiphany, which I talked about in my February 23 submission to you. Looking back at that time, the glow and cross did not tell me if I should go into the Army or not. What this vision did was to calm me down, relax me and relieve me of a paralyzing anxiety which was keeping me from seeing clearly and making the right decision for myself. Relaxed and clear thinking, I made the easy decision to withdraw from my Army enlistment. I went to the Army base and explained how I felt. The female officer there agreed and gave me an honorable discharge.      ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Visual,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2526,DEE,1525,23,,F,"Above my bed, I saw three balls/orbs of white light which did not cast light on the rest of the room. I sat up straight in bed and started slapping my face to make sure I was awake. The orbs kept dancing around each other for probably a minute. I did not know what to do so I just watched. I was even more surprised when they started dancing toward the ceiling and then just went through it as if there was no barrier there at all. The balls appeared substantial themselves, so I was quite baffled when they didnt even slow down as they danced through the ceiling.    ",,US    Q.,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,avera,littl,"100,000+",post,Medical,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2527,ADC,1483,52,,M,"It lasted an instant. I sat up expecting to see my mother walking toward me from the kitchen, then fully woke and remembered that she was in the hospital. I brushed off the incident and went back to sleep.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,dail,week,undec,littl,"100,000+",docto,attorne,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2528,ADC,1483,52,,M,"It lasted an instant. I sat up expecting to see my mother walking toward me from the kitchen, then fully woke and remembered that she was in the hospital. I brushed off the incident and went back to sleep.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,dail,week,undec,littl,"100,000+",docto,attorne,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2529,ME ,1265,66,,M,"Ive described most of the experience above. But additionally, I felt that for a moment in time the world as I knew it, simply stopped. It seemed both immediate and eternal, at the same time. I didnt pay much attention to the potential consequences, at the time of the accident. It wasnt until I meditated on the experience that I felt the full potential of what had happened and what could have happened. I could have been killed. At the time, it was just a minor accident. But, it wasnt, really. I am very thankful to be able to tell this story. As I recount it, part of me takes the results for granted-(foolish human). It was Divine intervention, I have no doubt. I learned, again, not to take God and Guru for granted. I owe my life to the Divine in more ways than I can conceive. I am grateful, Graceful.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Marriag,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
2530,ME ,1048,40,,F,"I was exhausted, and VERY fearful..I was always on alert that someone (doctor/nurse) would approach me to tell me that he was gone..I knew I could not handle this...and felt if I was alert and watchful I could hold them off..it was exhausting ..this alertness...this seemed something that was constant...even tho I was exhausted I felt I had to be watchful...and this would keep them away...so when I was sitting in a chair watching the hands of the clock tick away approaching 12:00 midnight...so I could visit the ICU..I apparently drifted off as I had this vision: Faces of people started appearing before, just faces and they were lined up behind each other..it was dark around the faces, yet the faces were normal and they kept coming at me; one by one they would pass as they approached me, the the next one would come, I knew there were more of them...I did not recognize them nor did I try at the time...After several passed, something caught my eye on the next face, FEAR overcame me and I Stopped It...something really frightened me about this face..it was that Alertness thing..I noticed something on the bridge of this mans nose..wasnt sure what it was..sort of like a long worm laying across the bridge of his nose...I was afraid to let him pass..didnt know what it was or what it meant, but it frightened me so..but after a while I knew I HAD to let him pass, so I let him do so very slowly.. stop and go...he had dark hair and a full face and this thing on the bridge of the nose.. I looked at him carefully with the fearful thing.....then behind him was a woman with reddish hair...and then it was over, I sort of woke up and it was 12:00 and I went down to he ICU..he passed a few days later.    ",,Born rais,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Insuran,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2531,DEE,1318,44,,F,I have a website that tells my entire story at http://www.starfish-story.com/    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Junio,Compute,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2532,SDE,1309,48,,F,"My mother seemed to be vacillating between this world and the next. She had facial expressions of surprise, distress, amazement, peace. She spoke of seeing angels, hearing beautiful music, and that people were there with her that had died before her.    ",,Citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Part ti,,single,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2533,ADC,1402,29,,F,"At the time, I described it as the most real and vivid dream I have ever had. In the dream, my deceased grandfather was communicating with me. He had passed away approximately ten years earlier and I had always said that I couldnt believe how much I missed him, even so many years after his death. This was my first loss and I took his death very hard because he had always been my father figure- my birth father had never been around (and died when I was 5), AND my relationship with my adoptive father was not close at all. Some specific details of the dream were not clear such as where we were or in what capacity my grandfather came to me, but I do remember that in the dream, I was very aware that it was impossible (in my understanding) for him to be there, communicating with me. My response in the dream was basically, How can this be, you are dead? I dont believe he said much to me, but I was so excited to have this time with him and I remember wanting to introduce him to my life since his death. I had no kids when he died and I wasnt married although I was dating my now husband. So, in the dream, I was feverishly trying to catch him up on all the events of my life...getting married, having two beautiful kids, going to university to become a teacher. I wanted him to be proud of me and I wanted so desperately to keep him around and involved in my life.  When I woke up, I truly felt that I had really lived this dream...a feeling I had never had with a dream and I remember wanting to cry because it was so real and vivid and now that I was awake, I couldnt get it back.  This has never happened again, and I always wondered if it was more than a dream.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"50,000 99",some,Stay at,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2534,ME ,1161,4,,F,"Standing in the back yard, deep in thought, suddenly, I was high above everything looking down at myself on the ground. I somehow knew that nothing mattered. I was part of something so much larger that my existence on earth was minor. I surely didnt think those thoughts as a child, but had a knowing that all of this was true. I can still feel it now. Then I was back on the ground, just looking around. Although Ive come to view these three STEs as mystical, I am not wondering if they are out-of-body. Doesnt feel that way, but could be.    ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,n/a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2535,DEE,1250,44,,F,"My father had been dead for about 5 years by this time. I dreamed I was in my parents home visiting my mother. Every detail in their home was exact...like I was awake in a dream. I was sitting on a recliner and my mother was sitting on the couch. I suddenly noticed I could not hear her speak. My father appeared next to her and began to speak to me. My mother continued to talk, albeit silently, and did not notice my father. My father told me that my oldest sister had cancer and he just wanted me to know because I have been the care taker in my family. He said it was to be expected because she had been living such a hard life. Then, he slowly vanished into nothingness and I was able to hear my mother speaking again.  Shortly there after the dream ended.     ",,United St,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,RN/hypn,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2536,ME ,1009,18,,F,"One of the weirdest things about this experience was the feeling of getting shot in the head. Actually, I didnt feel a thing, but I remember how my vision exploded in red. I remember how I vaguely felt my body hitting the ground and being unable to stop it, even as I, as a spirit, got yanked out of my body. I didnt feel a bit of pain, and Im usually very scared of blood, but I wasnt scared of the blood I saw coming out of me as I died--just intrigued, but not emotionally connected to it. As a spirit, I learned that I look very different than how I look physically. This experience taught me that I, Theresa, am actually a combination of three women who I was in other lifetimes--and I learned that we dont have to live our lifetimes in chronological order, and those lifetimes can overlap on each other, too. I learned that I, Theresa, am a combination of these three women:-a German Jewish girl who was about sixteen when she died in one of the concentration camps during the Holocaust-an American (Caucasian) woman who was in her 30s when she died in the 1980s-a Caucasian woman with shoulder-length, flaming red hair who was the captain of a starship and had died in the 2300s or thereabouts. She was in her late 20s-early 30s. Id lived all three of these lifetimes before this one. I learned that I, Theresa, am a composite of all three of these women. Im not exactly my own person. Im unique, yes--but I was created from these three women. Looking back on whats happened in the 2000s in our physical world, Im astounded that I basically saw our wars in Iraq and Afghanistan several years before they happened. Back in 1998, it was a lot easier to dismiss this experience as some really vivid dream, emphasis on dream. When I was 18, I couldnt fathom circumstances when the US would choose to wage war against anyone else. It was really easy to dismiss this aspect of my experience as something out of an action movie, perhaps. And I distinctly felt what the other soldiers were feeling--this grief over the fact that they knew, at the time of their deaths, that they would be dying so far away from home for a pointless war. The soldiers in my dream knew this full well as they died. They were extremely sad about this. If I had to describe it, it was like they had this immense, low, wailing grief--something very heavy and sad, like low, gray storm clouds. Back in 1998, one of the things that really amazed me was that the littlest promises we make are, indeed, kept. To go back to this brother of mine: We were fans of James Camerons movie, TITANIC, and we met in an email mailing list. We ended up talking a lot via IM. I dont think we ever exchanged pictures, even. But he was the first to say that he felt like I was his little sister, which was odd because he is an only child, like me. He liked calling me Sis a lot, and I called him big bro, although I dont think I felt this sibling bond quite as strongly as he did. We did talk about the supernatural, and about life beyond death. He talked about being in the US Army for some period of time. I dont know how our conversations got to this point, but we made a promise to each other: that if it really was true that there was life beyond death, whoever would die first would go to the other person and be there for them when it was their time to die. In the case of my experience, I died first and, as promised, I visited him--even if I, at least, had completely forgotten about making this promise in the first place.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",some,student,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2537,DEE,1332,54,,F,"See number 43 above. In addition, shortly before this event, I had been reading Alexanders book Proof of Heaven and remarking to myself how I met my husband in 2008, the year that Alexander had his NDE, and that my husband died on the very same day that Alexander was sent home from the hospital, but several years later.    ",,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",docto,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2538,ADC,1114,50,,F,"Im not sure how to classify this experience, but I was in my bed at the end of the day, with my husband beginning to fall asleep beside me, reading an article in a Church magazine. The article grabbed my interest because of its unusual title relating to grief and how those who have passed on are affected by their loved ones grieving for them. I told my husband that he should read the article because it was so unusual, but he said he would read it in the morning. He never did. Within a couple of weeks, he had a motorcycle accident and was killed instantly. After his funeral, I went find the magazine to re-read the article for comfort, but the article was not in the issue I was sure it was in. I looked through many months of the magazine, but was never able to find the article. I have not been able to find a complete message like the one I read that night in any article in any magazine since, however I have found in other publications similar lessons about those who have passed on.    ",,citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Homemak,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2539,ADC,1206,89,,F,Both myself and sister were in awe and knew it was moms way of telling us she was there with us. We were very close to mom and were devastated by her passing.    ,,Canadian,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2540,ME ,1049,34,,F,"After experiencing Jesus in meditation, I continued to have visions of myself in my church and reminders that since college I had wanted to go to divinty school. I had not followed this calling due to a teaching degree, marriage, children etc and had all but forgotten it. Here in this thin place, it returned with great strength.    ",,United St,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Yoga te,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2541,ME ,1181,29,,F,"Immediately I experienced a musical, multi=colored light that was dimensional and had moving facets as it poured into me, and I heard Jesus chuckling (I was somewhat indignant, did He not see my sorry estate?) He chuckled in a fatherly way as though I were a newborn kitten with its eyes closed in terms of understanding anything and He asked me Are you afraid to suffer? Then, then! The influx of a body of knowledge instantly came into me about how short life is and how long eternity is, how there is no suffering in eternity and nothing can ever hurt Jesus so He has no need of pride because He cant be hurt, I perceived that He is completely humble because of that total lack of need for pride. He is perfectly happy to have anyone, anyone, anyone! join Him in heaven, and is happy to have anyone even want to join Him there, especially if you dont hate Him. I was shocked that anyone could hate Him, but yes, people do and He is happy to let them go elsewhere. The musical colored light had brought me a complete mood change from agonizing mental pain to joy. I felt I would climb mountains and swim the sea for Jesus. He was jovial and amused, humble and enthralling.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Secreta,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2542,ME ,1512,42,,F,I was feeling overwhelmed with grief and confusion and I said out loud give me a signI kept shouting WHY WHY! And as I started my engine a car pulled up next to me in the empty parking lot. It was a deacon. I jumped out and hugged him tightly and wept as he let me grieve. He was there to get ready for a baptism.I felt very comforted and loved.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Adminis,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2543,ME ,1122,23,,M,"When I began to read the bible, not much made sense, but as I came to the 14th verse I instantly knew before I read the verse that this was my answer. As I began to read each word it was though heaven opened up. All I could say was yes...as the words came part of my being...I have written to you, young men, Because you are strong, and the word of God lives in you, and you have overcome the evil one. A river of unconditional love began to flow through the top of my head and completely washed into my body. I began to cry for joy. It was so holy and so far beyond my human conception that I felt I was going to die because it was just to holy to bare. I instantly understood that I was a child of God, completely loved and accepted. No longer was God some idea up in heaven, but was part of me. I also felt as though God had always been with me and it was I who was not searching. I was now completely free as though released from a prison and now my life is beginning. I had no more fear of death and knew that God really existed and there is an afterlife. And that the God who I grew up with was not judgmental but all loving.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2544,ME ,1029,49,,F,"I pulled onto the Interstate and slid into the left lane. The car in front of me was a red convertible and as I pulled closer I realized that I knew by the vanity plates who the person was driving the car. The plates were HOJO2 and I knew that was the owner of the Howard Johnson Hotel who we knew socially. Then a voice spoke to me and gave me instructions and reasons why all at the same time and in just a few seconds I had been told what I had to do to be safe. The voice explained that the car was about to go got of control and speed into the center median. Then the person driving would over-correct and speed across the interstate in front of me just in time for me to T-bone the car and kill both of us. The voice told me to simply take my foot off the gas and coast...that would slow my car enough to avoid hitting the car and the semis behind me would not hit me. Just exactly as the instructions were completed I took my foot off the gas and the entire scene played out before me. The car started running off to the left into the median kicking grass up and speeding toward the steel barrier...at 1st I thought it would be sliced in 2 right down the middle, but then the driver began to swerve back into my lane. He cut across 2 lanes...and because I had already slowed down ...he missed me by inches...clipped the car behind me and to my right and slammed into the guard-rail on the other side of the interstate.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Sales,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2545,ADC,1390,45,,F,    ,,US citize,"25,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Account,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2546,ME ,1345,31,,M,"Then,1st day of programme,after about an hour,Time was around 1900 hrs IST, Our teacher talked about how OM is a sound resonating in universe,and it didnt make any sense to me.She asked us to close eyes and slowly say OM. When I slowly said OMwith closed eyes,I felt a tinkling of energy,starting around Navel area,going through Chest,and ending somewhere in Head.It felt wonderful. She asked us to repeat,2nd time when I said OM,Suddenly,in less than a fraction of second,It occured to me that this is a vibratory energy everything is made of,and a sudden ecstasy/happiness dawned on me. I was feeling elated,wonderful in knowing that it is just ONE in universe. When I walked out of classroom,took out my car keys,saw that energy in keys,in car,on road,in people walking on road,on trees, in distant stars, I could actually see Energy falling from sky,and as clearly as we see rain. I was ecstatic/on peak of happiness,it was like I will burst with happiness. I was driving alone,in ecstasy, decided to stop my car at a corner.I stopped my car,and just sat there for 15-20 minutes,and during those 15-20 minutes,I could Actually See my thoughts floating around my head, as clearly as we see birds flying, and suddenly it occured that These thoughts were not mine, These thoughts are not me, this mind is not me,I am something other than Thoughts and mind, and there was no doubt left,as I saw my thoughts as clearly as birds flying. I was overjoyed/ecstatic/passing peak of happiness/bursting with happiness,and I remained in this mood for about 22 days. I couldnt sleep with ecstasy.    ",,Indian,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Hindu,Hindu,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",maste,Navigat,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2547,ME ,1154,18,,F,"Suddenly while listening to the tape, I had a profound and total sense that I was one with everything, I was looking at the sky through the window, and as I looked on the moon and the stars, I felt and knew that they were love. I dont know how to describe it other than everything WAS love, and I was one with everything. There was NO separation. The car seat in front of me, the empty can of soda, EVERYTHING. The feeling lasted breifly, maybe a matter of a minute or two. It was the single Best most amazing feeling I have ever had, and I only hope I will have it again one day, even if its not until the afterlife, I can wait. It just gives me hope.    ",,Citizen.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",Some,I was i,,single,separ,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2548,ME ,1102,20,,F,"I felt the calm and reassuring presence of God. I did not actually see the Lord, but I felt a peace and calmness come over me, and I knew I should go ahead with my plans to try to go to medical school    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",docto,high sc,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2549,ME ,1560,38,,F,"So what does a person who has been through such an experience do \xe2\x80\x98after\xe2\x80\x99, in this material world that was seen to be non-existent? Well, one waits. One observes. One notices and surrenders those attachments and aversions as they arise \xe2\x80\x93 because it is those attachments and aversions that keep consciousness located in a body. One learns to sit through the seemingly tough bits without labeling, without \xe2\x80\x9cmaking\xe2\x80\x9d the energy into \xe2\x80\x9cthings\xe2\x80\x9d until the discomfort dissipates of its own accord. And when one is truly ready to go through \xe2\x80\x9cthe final doorway\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x93 it would seem that one simply agrees, and lets go.    ",,Canadian,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Writer,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2550,DEE,1124,47,,M,"Testimony on God\xe2\x80\x99s Power As revealed to Conrad February 5, 2007, 6:25AM to 9:25AM Introduction My name is Conrad; I was born in the Philippines and was raised in a Roman Catholic family. I was an altar boy during my Catechism years. I\xe2\x80\x99ve read the bible twice from cover to cover when I was young and every time I get to the crucifixion part, I cried. Some parts of the bible I would easily understand, but I also got confused in others. As I grew up a verse from the bible kept playing in my mind. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know which part of the bible it came from but it went like this \xe2\x80\x9cSeek ye first the Kingdom of God \xe2\x80\xa6.\xe2\x80\x9d and that is what I did. I went about seeking the Kingdom of God, read many books of different titles and pretty soon I discovered the wonders of Science and how it can reasonably explain things that I didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand. The more science books I read the more convinced I was that things that were once mysterious can be scientifically explained and verified. I\xe2\x80\x99ve always believed in proving things undoubtedly before I believed it and accepted it. I only wanted to believe in known and proven facts.  And so I went through College and read even more books and gained more knowledge. I excelled in class but not good enough to have any honors because of my laziness and procrastination. You see, I would do well in exams, in fact I\xe2\x80\x99d be top in exams but not accomplish my homework or lab works so I also had grades that were just average. As my learning progressed I discovered that I didn\xe2\x80\x99t need God to have a life or to live my life. I believed this with conviction and even had a theory that men created God and not the other way around. I wrote a thesis on how during the early stages of evolution men might have created God because there were many things they didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand or were unable to explain. They attributed those things to an all knowing creator and consequently created a God. A friend of mine presented it as an English class project and almost got kicked out by the instructor. (That\xe2\x80\x99s how blasphemous it appeared but when you think deeper you can discern that men if left alone will instinctively seek God. We are the only creation that actively seek and try to understand our origins.) I went on with my life for years not believing or needing God until I got married to my wife Elisa in 1986 when we were both working in the Middle East. Our marriage did not give a child for almost five years. We went to see doctors and specialists in hospitals and clinics but we were unsuccessful. A surgery for me and standard medical procedures done for my wife did not result in conception. I desperately wanted a child and I would do anything to have one. I started wondering \xe2\x80\x9cAm I being punished for not believing in God?\xe2\x80\x9d Despite all these disappointments, we continued seeing fertility specialists. We also had Artificial Insemination in the United Arab Emirates and the Philippines. In December 1989, we went back to the Philippines for a much needed month long vacation. And one Sabbath day in January 1990, at the Manila Center (an SDA church in Manila, Philippines), a pastor from California was leading a service and he had a sermon about the earth being like a washing machine for dirty souls. He said \xe2\x80\x9cThe Earth is used by God to wash and clean souls to make them fit to go to heaven and live with God.\xe2\x80\x9d It opened my mind and I understood then why I needed God in my life. I wept and cried uncontrollably. It caught the Pastor\xe2\x80\x99s attention and I guess he pitied my poor soul so much that he gave me his Bible and even signed it. That night I prayed hard, a really sincere prayer to God and I asked Him to give me a child. \xe2\x80\x9cGod\xe2\x80\x9d I prayed \xe2\x80\x9cIf you are a real God, and really powerful God, give me a child and I will convert to the Seventh Day Adventist Church.\xe2\x80\x9d Back to the UAE on February 1990, my wife tested positive for pregnancy and in November 29, 1990, our daughter Ari was born. I thought about my promise to God and the implications of that promise. My parents and siblings, my Catholic friends would hate me I thought, I would miss food that I grew accustomed to eating. I cringed at these possibilities and so I kept living my life the way I wanted and I justified my actions with some semi-scientific reasoning to deny God\xe2\x80\x99s blessing of a daughter for my wife and me. Fast forward to 2007, we have since moved to the US, we\xe2\x80\x99ve lived in Boca Raton, Florida, New Orleans, LA and presently, The Woodlands, TX. I have long stopped attending regular church services but I have reluctantly attended worship services at the SDA church. I have to be dragged out of the",,Naturaliz,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Compute,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2551,ME ,1330,20,,F,"I felt a large, strong beam of love enter my head from above. It traveled down to my chest and then flowed out of my body, touching and loving all people I came in contact with, including myself. It was palpable, like it had a physical quality to it and was completely unconditional and in a way impersonal. Love for me, for others. Love through me. Divine love for all. At the same time I heard a voice in my head explaining things to me. ( I had been very confused and unhappy in my life before traveling). It was saying things like: this happened because of this, this you learned here, this builds on that and on and on and on. I saw my life, which had been a string of failures, in a clear straight line, one experience building upon another. I had a vision of standing on a mountain and having 360degree vision, understanding not just my life, but everything. Everything made sense, everything was clear and simple. I knew I would not stay there, but it was ok. I also had a feeling of something trying to jump out of my chest, like my spirit body being sucked at from the outside. I thought if this experience comes on one drop stronger, my soul is going to escape my body and thats the end. But it didnt.All the time I had a feeling of complete euphoria. It was a very high energy state and I could hardly sleep during the 7 days and nights that it lasted.    ",,British s,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,Recepti,,single,separ,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2552,ME ,1018,30,,M,"I felt an immense wave of well-being flow through me, a sensation of deep love and compassion, accompanied by a physical sensation of being hugged around my arms and chest. I clearly heard the words But you are Loved within my head. The sensation probably lasted less than a minute, but left me feeling euphoric, awed, and profoundly valued and loved, as if I now had an inner assurance that everything would be OK, there was nothing to worry about, and that I could go about the rest of my life with a conviction that there was a dimension of reality beyond what we perceive on a daily basis.    ",,British,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Marine,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2553,DEE,1336,37,,F,It was just like a tiny orb darting in then out of the room. I was a little scared but also a little comforted thinking it might be my grandfather. It moved fast and deliberate. I never stayed at my grandmothers house again in fear that it might happen again.     ,,uS citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,Stay at,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2554,DEE,1263,37,,M,"I was breathing underwater without an oxygen mask, somehow drawing bubbles of air from the water. My body wanted to go off and swim, turning and twisting, happy and playful. The light was bright blue higher up and darker blue below. I swam into the deeper blue until I could see the flat bottom of the lake, stretching out before me. I felt suddenly that all my old friends were there \xe2\x80\x93 there were no faces or shapes of people, but I knew they were inside these little round blue balls all over the lake floor. I could sense them powerfully welcoming me as an old and very dear friend \xe2\x80\x93 the feeling of so many friends and of being so thankful to see them again after so long made me both deeply happy and very sad at the same time. When my eyes started to well up, they told me that it was OK, they were there and they will always be there, and that they\xe2\x80\x99re in the beauty all around me.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Self-em,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2555,NDA,1565,70,,M,"I was out of my body, looking down on Jesus Christ carrying my physical body in his arms which appeared to be as light as a feather. As Jesus walked through clouds, I could see fireworks going off all around us. I was telepathically told these were prayers and I could feel the energy from them. I could feel unconditional love, comfort, and somehow I knew that I would be okay.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",Junio,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2556,ADC,1449,44,,F,"Re-telling that, is as real to me now as when it happened. I dont remember intact dreams like some people can. Never have been able to.    ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2557,ADC,1527,52,,M,"Occurred several years after death of mother( 1998?) In dream, mother entered what appeared to be a classroom setting dressed in a black top and black and white A line skirt. She told me Stacy is dead. No more was said. Had image of Stacy lying in a ditch beside a road. Stacy was our middle daughter who was away at school at the time and remained alive until committing suicide in 2014. (Of interest, Stacy also had visual image of he grandmother, Edith, my mother, shortly after my mothers death.)    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Army so,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All distressing,adult
2558,ME ,1379,49,,F,"I wish my daughter was writing this but I can share my experience. My daughter and I are very close. We have an unusually amazing mother \xe2\x80\x93 daughter relationship. I was scared during the 30 minutes she was in the cabinet and the lights were out. I stayed hyper aware of my surroundings. I knew Mychael was the real deal but I had a small amount of doubt in my mind that apporting was real and not a show. Inside the cabinet were s&#233;ance trumpets. One of the s&#233;ance trumpets was in front of my daughter but far enough away that she could not tip it over. She was seated in a chair, in the middle of the cabinet. After chanting, I heard something in the cabinet. It sounded like feet shuffling. Then, the trumpet tipped over. I got scared! I asked Mychael what he was doing and he told me it was not him. He was sitting in his chair the entire time and no one else could have possibly entered the space. He told me he thought an Ascended Master was trying to use the trumpet to talk to us! I began to shake! I have never been near anything like this. I am open-minded but full of old dogma from the JW religion. All my fears came up. I was scared but stayed silent. Soon, I felt the curtain on the cabinet brush across my foot. Mychael and I were sitting just outside the cabinet curtains so I would feel comfortable with my daughters training. Now, I am really getting freaked out. I could hear the pvc pipes that hold the curtains on the cabinet creaking. I checked with my hand to be sure Mychael was not pulling a prank on me. He wasn\xe2\x80\x99t; he was right there next to me in his chair. In all the years that Mychael has been trying to train people to apport, no one has apported! Especially not on their first try.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"100,000+",maste,She is,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2559,DEE,1045,16,,F,"I was alone on the rooftop of my parents house in Martins Ferry Ohio. I snuck out at night to see my boyfriend. It was cold and snowing and there was lots of ice everywhere. I was climbing up the roof at about 5-6 am and my hand slipped and I was sliding down the roof. I remember distictly hearing my body slide down the roof. I didnt scream, there was no time. I was scared for a split second and then all of a sudden I was back up safe and sound holding onto the roof. I was sooo tired, I didnt even understand what had just happened to me. I was sooooo exhausted that I just went into the window and went to sleep. The next morning when I opened my eyes, I remember perfectly the awe, the deep breath that I took, knowing that something or someone had saved me from falling off the roof. I remember just being in a state of shock really! I would like to think that it was a guardian angel, but not sure, didnt see anything or anyone. To this day when I tell people about it, I get goosebumps and that feeling of awe is still in my center. It was an amazing experience!    ",,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2560,ADC,1290,62,,F,"On January 4, 2007, I was alone in the kitchen of my home in Ossining, NY. My husband was upstairs working. I like my home orderly and keep everything in its place. It was daytime and I was preparing some food when my eye caught an object by the floor. I looked down and saw a little white square paper wedged up against the dark green backsplash runner by the floor. I picked up the paper. It was actually an empty little envelope with a gold lining inside. The envelope looked like it was opened after it was sealed because it had a rip in the flap. It was the kind of gift envelope that contained a card with someones name on it that youd give with a gift at Christmas. On the front of the envelope was the hand-printed word Dad. It looked like my handwriting but I didnt remember giving my father this envelope in the 2 1/2 years we were communicating just before his passing, and we didnt talk to each other for 29 years previously. In my home, a random and obscure object just doesnt turn up mysteriously in a strange place like that. I stood there with a shocked feeling, staring at the envelope. I thought I knew it came from a spiritual source but I wasnt ready to accept that. I had to rule out all possibilities. I called for Hank to come down and showed him the envelope. I asked if it was his. He said no. I asked if he ever saw this before. No. Could he imagine where it came from? No. I asked if it fell out of the newspapers he recycles in the kitchen. He said no. I told him where I found it and that it came from Holy Spirit. Hank became agitated and got a little angry. He was annoyed that mysterious, spiritual things like this were happening to me and darted back upstairs to his office. I stood there looking at the envelope and asked out loud: Dad, are you here with me now? Suddenly, a brisk wind came across my bare shins and I felt the chills. Then I knew my father was with me. I wanted to know more about this mystery, so I called a cousin of Hanks who was a Deacon at a Catholic Church in New Orleans. I asked Gary what all this meant. He said that God made my father my Guardian Angel and that my father would be watching over me. This was awesome. Although I had had a love/hate relationship with my father, I just loved him now and was happy to know he was with me. I have fond, loving memories bonding with my father in my childhood and enjoying life with him. (Im uploading a photo of this envelope. The envelope is white, although my iPhone or Mac turned the image and its surrounding area pink.)    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2561,ME ,1243,34,,F,see attached document    ,,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,freelan,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2562,PLR,1429,26,,M,"I felt lots of love, it make me to research on reincarnation stories.    ",,I am a ci,"100,00",religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"25,000 49",some,Ladies,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2563,OBE,1005,22,,M,Sorry...see above    ,,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Archite,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2564,ME ,1413,62,,F,"In March of 2011, I had a dream. A tall black shadow of a man pointed his long finger at me and said, \xe2\x80\x9cRead the 8th Psalm.\xe2\x80\x9d I questioned him, \xe2\x80\x9cYou mean the 6th Psalm? I know that one.\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cNo\xe2\x80\x9d, he declared emphatically, \xe2\x80\x9cRead the 8th Psalm, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget.\xe2\x80\x9d Then he handed me the head of a woman very delicate, small, eyes closed, black hair, soft skin. He told me to write her name on her cheek with a black felt tip pen. Her cheek was still warm as I carefully wrote the name he gave me, Rita Girofalo.\xe2\x80\x9d   What I learned is in #43    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Jewelry,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
2565,ME ,1030,49,,F,"I pulled onto the Interstate and slid into the left lane. The car in front of me was a red convertible and as I pulled closer I realized that I knew by the vanity plates who the person was driving the car. The plates were and I knew that was the owner of the Hotel who we knew socially. Then a voice spoke to me and gave me instructions and reasons why all at the same time and in just a few seconds I had been told what I had to do to be safe. The voice explained that the car was about to go out of control and speed into the center median. Then the person driving it would over-correct and speed across the interstate in front of me just in time for me to T-bone the car and kill both of us. The voice told me to simply take my foot off the gas and coast...that would slow my car enough to avoid hitting the car and the semis behind me would not hit me. Just exactly as the instructions were completed I took my foot off the gas and the entire scene played out before me. The car started running off to the left into the median kicking grass up and speeding toward the steel barrier...at 1st I thought it would be sliced in 2 right down the middle, but then the driver began to swerve back into my lane. He cut across 2 lanes...and because I had already slowed down ...he missed me by inches...clipped the car behind me and to my right and slammed into the guard-rail on the other side of the interstate.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Sales,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2566,SDE,1403,38,,F,"The spinning light was like a DNA strand, the texture was soft and smooth like milk, it was slowly spinning in space, everytime i closed my eyes I saw this the day before they unplugged her life support.    ",,usa citiz,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Buddhist,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,massage,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2567,ME ,1235,81,,F,    ,,Citizen,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2568,ME ,1145,59,,F,"Through all my experiences I have learned that my true family of support resides on the other side of the veil. I feel that is our true home and that as developing souls we come here to this earth into this body to learn and develop our souls. We make contracts with souls on the other side to meet here in specific environments and situations to learn from each other. It is somewhat life being sent off to boarding school. Once we learn our lessons we go back home to the other side. We dont always learn our lessons, sometimes we opt out of our lessons and need to keep coming back until we learn and finish that lesson.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Speech,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2569,NDE,1513,17,,M,Remember seeing a light at the end of a tunnel    ,,US/UK joi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,undec,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,youth
2570,DEE,1332,54,,F,"See number 43 above. In addition, shortly before this event, I had been reading Alexanders book Proof of Heaven and remarking to myself how I met my husband in 2008, the year that Alexander had his NDE, and that my husband died on the very same day that Alexander was sent home from the hospital, but several years later.    ",,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",docto,Profess,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2571,SDE,1517,27,,M,"I was awake and alert. After doctors told us they were unable to necessitate my father, my mother and I were lead into the ER to identify his body. Lying on a gurney, I saw his body; However, I saw his spirit/energy 4-6 feet above his body. It looked like transparent water moving in a stream. It was his energy, like what you feel when they enter the room behind you. it told the chaplain who was with us. She said, Some people see that. I also saw and felt my father, as listed above, at his funeral, but not as strong. I felt a peace in knowing he is still with me in spirit.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Peace C,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2572,ME ,1417,26,,F,"See above for details. I knew I would win the car. I had absolutely no doubt. I had no idea why this had happened to me, but I was happy because I sold the car &amp; had some necessary dental work done which used all the proceeds from the car sale.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,moder,avera,"25,000 49",colle,secreta,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2573,NDE,1388,54,,M,"Bam!  That had to be a plane, I thought to myself. Nothing else could possibly be moving that fast. The force of the impact had snapped the drivers seat off and I felt the car being catapulted forward. That in itself was alarming.  I had been traveling north on I-75 just north of Atlanta, GA and had just been readying to exit the North Marietta Loop traveling at about 60 mph when the impact from behind had occurred. Just a couple minutes prior I had seen some jets taking off from Dobbins Air Base. It wasnt a plane that hit me though. It was an uninsured 19 yr old driving an unregistered vehicle. Witness reports put his speed at over a 100 mph as he wove in and out of traffic coming up I-75.  The impact caused the back end of my car to jerk out to the right. The wheels on my Toyata Corolla seemed to grab the road surface. I could feel the car begin to turn over. I knew how fast I was going. I knew the car would be turning over and over in a wild tumble. It was without a doubt one of those entire life in a flash moments. There wasnt a lot of time for any lengthy reminiscing though.  Just two thoughts went through my mind. The first was a pondering why Divine Spirit had chosen this time for me. Wow, I really thought Ive learned a lot in this life. Im just at the point in life where I might be able to offer others something worthwhile. Why now?  The second thought was expressed in a spirit of surrendering, God, I really only have one request. Id really like to take all that Ive learned with me to my next life. Please dont require me to learn everything all over again. Reincarnation is something that Im completely familiar and comfortable with.  The car began to flip over. I could hear the metal shearing and the glass shattering all around me. I felt the tumbling effect. I felt like I was inside a long tunnel like whirlpool. In the center of that incredibly fast spinning darkness I saw a bright white light, warm like the sun, very quiet and very serene.  Total silence.  I opened my eyes. Cool, I thought. I made it through this and Im not even hurt! No pain at all!  Then I tried to move. Not so much as a finger responded. I was lying face down, head in the back seat, my feet somewhere up around the area of the steering wheel. A thumb was pressing hard against my nose and lip. I could see that it appeared, by its relative positioning, to be the thumb from my left hand, but it was my right thumb. I could also see that my right arm bent in an awkward position under my throat. God, Im glad Im paralyzed because that would really hurt if I could feel it, I said to myself.  Totally paralyzed, I thought to myself. Quadriplegic. I will be a burden on everyone for the rest of my life.  I then concluded that because I was unable to feel any pain, that I probably had serious internal injuries as well. I would die here, but at least I would die without pain. I thanked Divine Spirit for that blessing.  I could literally feel myself, as Spirit, sinking slowly down and out of my body. It was a deeply sickening feeling. Then I heart a tapping sound. Are you all right? a womans trembling voice asked.  Im paralyzed. Call the police, call the ambulance. I said. At least I could talk, I thought to myself.  That started a flurry of activity. Over the next half hour, I heard sirens, people yelling and screaming, and the unmistakable sound of a helicopter. All the while I laid face down, head in the back seat, not moving. All the doors were jammed. The parameds were frantically trying to reach me and couldnt. They kept saying, Stay with us now, stay with us. They ended up cutting off the entire roof of the car and very carefully they lifted me out. I was placed on a stretcher, moved to level ground, and was immediately given an IV.  At least 5 or 6 medical personal surrounded me. The one directly above my face said to me, Mr., youre going to be all right. Then a womans voice said, Mr., have you made arrangements for organ transplants?  Yeah, I said. Its on my drivers license. I could see the guy directly above me stare down the lady who said it.  Then another voice spoke up. Mr, do you have a living will?  No, I said. I looked up at the guy above me and said, Im in it pretty deep, huh?  He smiled down at me and said Id be fine. Yeah, right, I thought to myself.  They strapped me in the lifeflight helicopter. Off I went to the Atlanta Medical Center Spinal Trauma Unit, the best such facility for hundreds of miles in all directions. Upon arriving I was placed in the operating room recovery room. Apparently there was more room there for all the medical personnel to gather round me.  After being taken for CAT Scans and an MRI I was returned to the recovery room. After the initial blur of activity, another seriously injured person was brought into the room. She was obviously near death. The doctors",,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2574,ADC,1464,17,,F,"When we were ending I look outside the window, and there was a person looking at me from the square that was in front of the school, I remember that I have my hand in my chin, and I ask myself, is He looking at me?. then I see this person gives me a big smile, I didnt recognized him till that moment, it was my grandfather looking a lot younger with black and white hair, a jacket and jeans I only see in a photograph in which he was with my when I was a month old. Then I knew he has passed away. He have had Alzheimer for as long I remember, and that smile tells me that all was alright, He was finally at peace and free of that prision that have him bedridden for almost two years. I got out of classes and walk to me grandparents houses that was four bloks away, I found my mom in the way and tells me about my grandfather death, i just tell her I know.    ",,Citizen,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,High Sc,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2575,OBE,1064,41,,F,"The dream I experienced is very difficult to put into word-- it felt more like an out of body experience. I was flying through the air with my Mom and another unseen presence was also along with us as we were flying over what seemed to be Utopia--a lush, green landscape, over waterfalls and tropical flowers--it was so breathtaking it overwhelmed my visual senses. More importantly is what we both seemed to be feeling during this extreme adventure--indescribable joy, wonder, happiness, laughter, totally carefree and with pure love totally surrounding us. After I awoke and recalled the dream in vivid detail I came to the conclusion that the unseen presence I experienced was God. This dream continues to comfort and reassure me that even though I would learn bad news the next day--my Mom did pass 18 months later-- I have a very special and believable preview of being reunited with her in heaven. I know we will meet again in a place where there is no pain or suffering; only unconditional love.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",High,Custome,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2576,DEE,1422,2,,M,See above.    ,,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,Infant,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2577,ME ,1220,8,,F,"I stared into my own eyes in the mirror, asking, Who am I, really? After a few minutes of staring, a voice answered, I am the one who looks out from behind your eyes.    ",,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,n/a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2578,ADC,1333,59,,F,"I was grieving for the recent passing of my brother. His death caused by prostate cancer had seemed untimely. He also did not want to go and put up quite a fight. At his funeral, I was inconsolable mainly because I felt he had been taken before his time. He also seemed ill prepared for his own departure. I felt guilty also wondering if there was something I could have or should have done to help prolong his life here on earth.  At first I observed what seemed to be a thin mist in the doorway. I also felt his presence very heavily. I was afraid, because I knew what I was experiencing was outside the norm. Every time I started dozing off to sleep I felt pulled towards him on a spiritual level. I must hve fallen asleep or in that space between sleepand conciousness I had an encounter with him. I was able to ask any questions that I wanted to and did. I asked him if he was ok. He explained that he was happy. Knowing how reluctant he was to leave I asked: who helped you. He answered Aubrey not someone I knew or had heard of. He had come to me to let me know not to grieve for him as he had gone on to a better place and he was doing fine.        ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Sales,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2579,DEE,1188,22,,F,"Initially, the environment felt cold to me. the people were very business like and even the woman who was there to hold my hand was not very friendly. I felt alone. The machine was loud and the experience of having my cervix dialated we very painful. The machine made an awful sucking sound and I felt sad. All of a sudden everything changed and I was filled with the most all encompassing feeling of love that I have ever known. I felt as if I were witnessing God himself ushering/welcoming that little babys soul back to heaven. It was clear as day to me not as a vision that I saw but as an experience that I felt. The love was completely transformative. My pain was gone and I suddenly felt pure love for the other people in the room. I told them all that I loved them and thanked them for helping me. The operation ended, but that feeling of love, as if a door had opened and I was privvy to Gods love, stayed open for a long time.      ",,U.S.A bor,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Unity,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I had h,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2580,DEE,1224,45,,F,"i felt so comforted with the knowledge of a better transition for my mom at that time. the book guided my decisions and was like a big hug for me and her. i reread the book twice before the weekend was over and get more comforted each time. why now and why this time, i felt like my mom guided me to buy this book because i had not known she was sick and was about the die.    ",,american,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",colle,housing,,single,single,Yes,very little,All pleasant,adult
2581,ADC,1385,37,,F,"    After closing the front door shut, I looked up to see this very sad look on my Daughters face, she was crying. I didnt think for one minute she was dead. I told her to come down off the stairs and she just looked at me blankly, pleadingly. That look will haunt me all my life. It was then I noticed my dressing gown belt, which was made of a silk like material around her neck. Reflecting back on this, I realise now that the stitches had broken so this had stretched giving the illusion, Tracey was standing on the stairs, leaning against the wall.    Thinking she was unconscious but alive, I realised by locking the door, I had locked out any chance of help from neighbours. I asked my little girl to go in the kitchen and get a chair. Put it near the bench and stand on it. On the top of the cabinets above, there are some scissors, bring them to me?    Bless her, she done everything asked of her while I held Tracey from her own weight. My little boy cried and cried and cried in a panic and was too young to understand the urgency what was going on around him other than he knew there was something very wrong.     I cut my Daughter free, called 999 then started Life saving techniques. I did have the support of the emergency service by phone. Although the ambulance service is a five minute journey to my home, I found out later there was a mix-up as the houses were within the first six months of building and the postcode had not gone on the register.     Thirty five minutes later, with a two year old still screaming and a five year old who thought there was blood on her sisters neck when actually was the marks like rubber bands make if you leave them a while around your wrist.     This was so traumatic for everyone who knew her. I also has two other children to consider. One aged thirteen who my now dead Daughter was very close to and my eldest Daughter, who was married and living in army quarters of Germany    Without my other children, I would not be here today. They gave me a reason to go on. They had suffered enough. My Daughter was pronounced dead when the ambulance eventually arrived.    ",,Full UK r,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Student,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2582,NDA,1339,36,,F,    ,,Australia,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,littl,"0 24,999",High,Home ma,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2583,NDE,1513,17,,M,Remember seeing a light at the end of a tunnel    ,,US/UK joi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,undec,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,youth
2584,OBE,1064,41,,F,"The dream I experienced is very difficult to put into word-- it felt more like an out of body experience. I was flying through the air with my Mom and another unseen presence was also along with us as we were flying over what seemed to be Utopia--a lush, green landscape, over waterfalls and tropical flowers--it was so breathtaking it overwhelmed my visual senses. More importantly is what we both seemed to be feeling during this extreme adventure--indescribable joy, wonder, happiness, laughter, totally carefree and with pure love totally surrounding us. After I awoke and recalled the dream in vivid detail I came to the conclusion that the unseen presence I experienced was God. This dream continues to comfort and reassure me that even though I would learn bad news the next day--my Mom did pass 18 months later-- I have a very special and believable preview of being reunited with her in heaven. I know we will meet again in a place where there is no pain or suffering; only unconditional love.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",High,Custome,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2585,NDE,1416,75,,M,After going to hospital and waiting in the emergency room for several hours they finally let me back into the emergency room. The nurse typing on her computer said well Mr. Snyder it is not a stroke or a heart attack. We think she will be fine. I turned to give my wife a cheer and she was staring into space. She never said a word or changed expression with eyes wide open. No reflects of and kind when I grabbed her hand and held it. They called neurologist after about and hour and he said he thought she had a brain stem stroke. We sat and watched her systems shut down and after arriving at 10:30 at night she passed at 8:30 the next morning. No words were ever spoken than I am going home and do not take me to hospital. Do you think she had a vision that she was going home. Or in my view she was going to heaven. After reading Dr. Alexanders book Proof of Heaven    ,,Citizen U,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"100,000+",docto,College,,marri,widow,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
2586,ADC,1203,40,,F,"He looked at me and said Hey, Lis. I jut stood there, did not step any closer toward the car. He was the only one who called me Lis. I said hi back to him. he said he wanted to thank me for all the prayers and that he was ok now. he said did I know he would have been 50? I said I didnt realize that but I was 40 now and I know he was 10 years older. I felt surprised to see him. he looked so good, happy and healthy. he hadnt looked like that when he died.    ",,I am an A,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,Nursw,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2587,DEE,1175,42,,F,"I did above. I know these were real. Once when I was a unwed mom at 18 back in the 70s, Life was so hard. I was lost and alone, trying to raise my son alone, I was so tired, I worked very hard and hardly slept, but I knew I was awake and I remember asking God aloud while driving in my car, why am I here What do you want from me  Why cant you help me take care of this little one and what is this life all about. I got an answer. It explained everything, and I remember me suddenly understanding everything. He told me and I had it, and just as quick as I had it, I forgot it. I can remember that I had received the answers that were amazing, I had the answers it all made incredible sense, then poof gone in an instant. I wanted for years to go to some one who could help me remember what I had lost, hypnosis or something, but never did. It was real. I have had three experiences in my life that are real, that most would think I was crazy over.     ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,undec,none,"25,000 49",Some,Veterin,,single,single,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2588,ADC,1527,52,,M,"Occurred several years after death of mother( 1998?) In dream, mother entered what appeared to be a classroom setting dressed in a black top and black and white A line skirt. She told me Stacy is dead. No more was said. Had image of Stacy lying in a ditch beside a road. Stacy was our middle daughter who was away at school at the time and remained alive until committing suicide in 2014. (Of interest, Stacy also had visual image of he grandmother, Edith, my mother, shortly after my mothers death.)    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Army so,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All distressing,adult
2589,ME ,1027,29,,F,The voice was so deep and firm. There was no questioning or denying what I experienced. I was to hear that voice 2 more times in later years.    ,,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2590,ME ,1406,55,,M,"  In 1954 I was born in Astoria Queens, NYC and brought up in the Diocese of Brooklyn. I attended Our Lady of Mount Carmel School and Church. My family moved to Northern New Jersey and I finished my Catholic School in Immaculate Conception in Franklin NJ Diocese of Patterson. To my parents credit one can see where the foundation of my Catholic Faith was formed. I was dragged to church. Didn\xe2\x80\x99t want to be there so eventually when I was old enough I left. I lived a very sinful life. One can only imagine where I was but I was not with God. I joined the Navy and began to become an adult and my world did not include God. Things happened to me that in retrospect God must have chose me for better things because my Guardian Angle was very busy.  I met Protestants, while in the Navy. These people were FIRED UP FOR THE LORD. They were obnoxious thumping their Bibles. I didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand them. Finally in 1975 I associated with them enough that in Key West Baptist Church I accepted Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior. The evil one still had a hold on me and I soon returned to my secular and sinful way of life. As we headed east for Desert Storm in 1990 there were definately more Christians than I have ever seen on an Aircraft Carrier before in my life. History is what it is with that war. Prayer works. Never doubt it.   I did get married to Paula in 1982 in St. Monica\xe2\x80\x99s Church in Sussex NJ. We had a good life as a Navy couple. We attended Mass sometimes mostly non-denominational services. For some reason I developed an attitude toward the Catholic Church.  I retired from the Navy in 1999 and by 2003 we found ourselves in Warrenton VA attending the Warrenton Presbyterian Church. Make no mistake the Pastor and congregation of Warrenton Presbyterian are blessed people. I had attended a Methodist Church for a couple of years, while living in NY so going to church now in my life became a necessary event. But I still was not dedicated to it. I had a Protestant perspective on forgiveness, which is what the Bible says happens if we repent; That is what I was taught by Protestants, however it still is not the teaching of the Catholic Church.  Life was good life was bad. I had some financial difficulties with other obstacles in life and I earnestly prayed to God that he help me get my life in order. Paula and I by the grace of Divine Providence found St. John the Evangelist church in Warrenton VA about 2006. It reminded us of our old time Catholic up bringing and we both felt like re returned home. We stayed.   Now in 2012 at age 57 I\xe2\x80\x99m going to back track. At age 54 or 55 I attended Mass during Easter. Father Cozy discussed the Divine Mercy Chaplet and Saint Faustina. I thought it was interesting that all one had to do was say this chaplet for salvation. Fr. Cozy had planted one of the larger mustard seeds of faith in me, no doubt. As a government contractor my customer was the Navy. I was able to walk the walk and talk the talk with Sailors so I excelled at my job (at least I thought I did). It wasn\xe2\x80\x99t until I was age 55 that I bought my copy of St. Faustina\xe2\x80\x99s diary. I had to ride two large deck helicopter and aircraft carriers in a month\xe2\x80\x99s time so my travel to west coast gave me plenty of time to read the diary. I read through St. Faustina\xe2\x80\x99s diary like a novel. I eventually realized this was a 20th Century Saint talking directly to me. She was talking directly to me! Through Providence I started saying one Hail Mary a day also eventually this lead up to a full Rosary. I guess the door with no doorknob on my heart was being opened to Jesus. Things started to happen. While on one of the ships I shared a stateroom with two Harrier Pilots. They were both Catholic and noticed what I was reading. We shared some fellowship. I finished the Diary and it was like there was a bonus CD in the back of the book. The bonus was St. Faustina stayed with me. I\xe2\x80\x99m not going to say apparition in this essay, but I will say \xe2\x80\x9cheightened spiritual awareness.\xe2\x80\x9d I had this sense Sister was with me. I attended my first Divine Mercy Service that Easter and completed the novena prior to that. I was able to venerate and kiss a first class relic of St. Faustina during the service a woman had and shared with us all. It was about this time in May that I was coming home form work. I pulled in my driveway and was gathering my wits when in my interior voice. The interior voice! In my interior voice from nowhere I heard a woman\xe2\x80\x99s voice say thank you. The voice was so beautiful and melodic. It could only be associated with Our Blessed Mother. I paused and took it in. Hopefully I said a prayer. I don\xe2\x80\x99t remember but I probably did. Within weeks something else happened. My commute to wor",,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,dail,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2591,DEE,1356,19,,M,"When this communication and intense physical experience came to me I chose to leave the room where a group of about two hundred people were gathered so I could go through the event alone. It was so foreign to my experience that I had no concept of what might happen next and whatever it might be I preferred to have the experience away from, shall we say, prying eyes.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2592,NDA,1180,53,,F,"I began to feel a spinning sensation and heard a buzzing noise as I was beginning to either leave my body or lose consciousness. I cried out mentally to God God! Im not ready! I felt inadequate to face judgment and aware of so many personal failings. Immediately, absolutely immediately upon having prayed that short prayer, the buzzing and the spinning slowed down and when it stopped I was able to get up. I promptly vomited three or four times due to the nicotine poisoning.     ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Nursing,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2593,ME ,1430,20,,F,see above    ,,Australia,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,moder,"100,000+",some,I wasnt,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2594,NDE,1266,41,,F,    ,,I am a US,1 mill,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",post,Teacher,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2595,DEE,1357,40,,M,"I was lying on my back with my hands folded across my chest praying to God. This was a regular practice for me prior to going to sleep. I was extremely upset and angry with my wife-cannot recall why. My eyes were closed and in my minds eye I saw the face of a bearded man appear and a white light flash over my body. It happened extremely quickly. The most absolutely miraculous thing happen to my body, my conscious self when the light washed over me-immediately I felt peace beyond peace words cannot describe how calm, peaceful, serene I felt. There was not an atom in my body or molecule that was not calm and serene. Again, words can not in any way describe how I felt. I rolled over and told my wife the most remarkable thing is just happened to me I explained how angry and upset I was I described to her the experience of what had just happened.    ",,American,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Financi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2596,DEE,1391,27,,F," Immediately after demanding that God prove himself, I became warm and felt as if I were being wrapped in a soft blanket. Then I heard (in my head but more clear than anything ever said) I love you. This was repeated a couple of times, until I stood up and said Ok. Thank you. Then I went in the house. After that I never felt any desire to end my life, or that I was worthless.    ",,US citize,"50,000",agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2597,ADC,1418,52,,F,"I knew immediately that my son had done something almost unbelievable, but I continued to look for the shoe. I did not find it. I was overwhelmed and in fact got a camera and took a picture of the one shoe lying there. I didnt realize until later that the picture would serve no purpose, but I was thinking so at the time. I was very excited. I did not find the shoe until many months later. It was upstairs in the spare bedroom under a bed he slept on when visiting me. I rarely went in that room.    ",,Citizen o,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,US Gove,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2598,ME ,1057,5,,M,"I cannot describe the feeling. I put it in the same category as sexual feelings before I knew what they were. It was a formless inner tingling, and a sudden expansion of affect.      ",,natural c,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,embryo,,single,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2599,DEE,1183,4,,F,"It was night and I was in bed. I dont recall this part well, but somehow I became aware that my father was not at home. (I was somewhere between 3-5 years old) My father had gone to visit a neighbor two doors down (old Mr Safran) I was a timid child and for some reason I was utterly scared of this neighbor, even though there was no reason to be. He actually was a kindly old gentleman who even remembered the neighborhood children in his will but for whatever reason I was very frightened of him. When I awoke and realized it was (to me at least) late at night and my father was not yet home, I was terrified that Mr Safran had hurt him or killed him. (Again, no reason why I would think this) I was laying in my bed and I was terrified. I dont remember if I was crying, but if I was, it wasnt loud enough for my mother to hear. I was (and still am) the type of person that does not cry out for help. I dont know if I was praying for my father to be ok as I dont remember if I was old enough to have been taught about free-form prayers. Anyway, I felt a warm, comforting, loving presence that assured me everything would be OK. (And of course it was, as my father had never been in any danger whatsoever other than in my mind) It was like being wrapped up in a warm soft blanket of love and happiness. It was so long ago and I was so young that I dont remember anything beyond that but I have never forgotten it either. I did not see or hear anything, it was completely a feeling of love and reassurance.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,none ch,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2600,OBE,1229,44,,M,"Almost immediately after taking the divine plant I began to fall out of my body. It was a wholly new sensation for me. After years of pursuing the actual out of body occurrence it was nothing as I had imagined it to be. There is noting that can compare one for the actual sensation. During numerous mediations I had always imagined myself rising above my body to look down and view myself. But this is not what actually happened. I actually fell into myself. I literally fell out of myself and by falling inside myself. And then instantly found myself floating above my body laying on the bed. The experience of being pulled out of the body was not an unpleasant sensation rather it was the first time to feel it and all firsts are usually associated with some fear. In this case it happened so fast and the train I was on had no exit routes, so I was on it for the duration. Once I was above my body the experience was quite pleasant. I was amazed at how I looked. I also notice the family cat was aware of my presence which I found quite interesting as it gazed upon my astral body. Just as I was becoming acquainted with my new surroundings I was yanked yet again in another direction at an astounding rate through a tunnel towards a light. Upon reaching the end of the tunnel I seemed to be deposited on the other side of a threshold. This place was completely and utterly spectacular. I was suddenly connected to everything was the feeling I remember most. I only needed to think of something and the associated response was with me. The communication was so much different here. I wasnt thinking in words but pictures associated with strong feelings and emotions. And I was like a newborn. I had very little experience in this new environment. It was very much a fish out of water experience. The thing that left the most lasting impression on me was this. I was able to look back on where I had just come from. The physical world. It was close. I could perceive it clearly as if it were a separate dimension but very close. I began to focus on the edges of it as it didnt seem to be wholly formed yet. The colors were so vibrant and alive.  So organic. The edges looked like caviar. And It came into me that I was perceiving the physical on a molecular level. I was so amazed. Then suddenly it came through me like a lightening bolt. These molecules perceived me. They were aware I was looking at them. Communication!! Images and information passed at an alarming rate. I was aware of the rythme and reason for everything coming into being. It filled me with a sense of joy I had never felt before. I laughed. I knew what life really was. These small bits of life....molecules...all formed based on collective thoughts. We all were creating everyday. We just didnt realize how powerful our thoughts we were. Then I was aware of a presence behind me. It was so brite and so large. My first thoughts were not of intrigue but of how small and dim I was. And just this tiny bit of hesitation flooded me with thoughts of....had I killed myself. Suddenly I was flooded with thoughts of fear. I wanted to know if I was alive. I yearned to feel my body again. So I prayed to feel my body again. And I was propelled in that direction. It was not an easy maneuver. It took some time to anchor myself in my body but it was accomplished. I had set up a timer on the side of the night stand. Total duration was 15 minutes. It had felt like an eternity. There was actually no sensation of time where I had gone. It did not exist.     ",,US citize,"251,00",spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Junio,Produce,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2601,OBE,1495,4,,F,"I remember my mother calling out to my aunt. . .watch her, she likes to stand on the edge of the tub. The next thing I remember is seeing myself being carried by my aunt and placed on the couch. I was watching from above. My aunt was crying and my mother was pulling curlers from her hair. My aunt told her to nevermind her hair, then picked me up and carried me to the car. I did not feel anything. I was an observer. I had no emotion. I had no body that I was aware of. I saw myself laying In the back seat of the car and was seeing the event as a movie, but always from above. It wasnt like I was even connected to them somehow yet I knew who they were and I knew it was me. The next thing I remember is seeing my aunt carrying me through the parking lot with my mother beside her. As we entered the hospital I was laid on a gurney. I heard a nurse say shes going to regurgitate. The next thing I remember was waking up in my own bed, walking into our kitchen where my mother, father, aunt, &amp; grandmother were talking around the table and someone said. . . well look whos awake! and everyone hugged me. I never thought about it until one day when I was a teen, my mother and aunt brought it up and I made fun of my mother needing to do her hair before taking me to the hospital and she said, how do you know that? You were out cold.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,    Q.,,single,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2602,OBE,1186,48,,M,"There was a a beautiful room, open doorway, ochre walls, 2 black chairs,two large windows displaying a blue sky. A shelf with 7 potted Jade Plants... each pot had a face on it. under the shelf was a small sign reading: Mama Master. What was so beautiful was the feeling of this rooom... pure love... pure bliss...beyond description. Almost felt like a waiting room of some sort. I felt like i was in this room, viewing it and looking all around the space.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Graphic,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2603,DEE,1202,29,,F,"During the waiting period, I decided to speak to the Mother aspect of the Goddess. I was going to be 30 in about 5 months and was wondering about my lifes direction. When it came time for me, I was escorted down the lit path to the lower circle by an attendant; they helped people up and down the path for safety reasons. He asked me which aspect I had chosen and I told him. We walked over to where that Priestess was working. She had someone there and I was told to wait. She would tell me to come over to her when she was ready. She raised her hand and waved me over. I knelt at her feet. I felt an amazing amount of energy around me, it was actually quite warm. I was wearing a cloak but had to remove it. I didnt look at her face. A voice spoke and asked me what I wished to know. Her voice was clear, calm, and so beautiful. I asked for clarity in the coming years. If there was anything I needed to know or was missing. I could feel her smile. I had my eyes closed. The next thing I felt was her hand on my forehead. An amazing amount of energy surged through me and I felt like I had been drenched in love energy. I began to cry. I never felt so accepted, understood, and knew that no matter what I did or choices I made, I was loved and would always be her daughter. I wept. Such unconditional love completely overwhelmed me. Once we finished, the attendant came to help me up and I continued to cry all the way back up the path. He held me and we walked to the upper fire where a chair was waiting. He sat me down and got me some apple juice to drink. He told me to wait there until I could walk back to my camp unaided. Once I got back to camp, I kept crying for several hours. I felt like I was purging all the negative beliefs about who I was.      ",,US citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Operati,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2604,ME ,1352,41,,F,"I felt excited, happy and when she hugged me a warmth of joy! Words here on earth do no justice to explain how it felt! I remember calling her sister that morning with joy and excitement but also apprehension. would she believe or not. My duty was to my patient who wanted her sister to know she was excited and joyful to be going home! I called Cin, told her I had to speak to her and would it be okay. I was welcomed, I went first to Dee laying in a coma, bloated, ball headed and took her hand. I whispered in her ear, told her I would pass her message on to Cin and gave her a kiss. I told Cin, you are going to think I am crazy and she laughed, stated she already thought that. It made it easy to tell her all and she cried. She stated she believed me without a doubt, for she had experienced something similar when her Mom had died. She thanked me and was glad I told her.    ",,Us    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Certifi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2605,ADC,1304,56,,F,"I saw my father as I had last saw him when he was feeling well before he had cancer. I felt overjoyed to see him and began to run toward him to hug him. He smiled at me with understanding and compassion. He did not visibly speak, but I could hear him speaking to me. He told me I could not hug him yet, but he wanted to let me know he understood and I was forgiven. (I had been feeling guilty for a long time that I had not spoken with him honestly about his illness and impending death because we had always been very close.).    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Medical,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2606,DEE,1222,47,,F,"A ball of light appeared in the left corner of the room. It seemed to rotate or be in constant motion. There were voices, but they were all saying the same thing at the same time. It hovered there for a while, and then moved just below the ceiling fan, which was over my bed, at my feet. I had always thought that if I ever had an encounter I would be calm and ask questions. That didnt happen. I was terrified because I knew it was God, and I remembered I was horribly drunk. The ball of light said something to me. As much as I want to, I dont remember what, but it was something very short and simple. What I got from it was that God had a lot for me to do, and I couldnt do it as long as I was drinking. Something else I felt was love overwhelming, soothing love. Love that loved me even though I was drunk.     ",,American,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Educato,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2607,ADC,1445,27,,F,I awoke in a lot of pain and saw an orb like light that immediately came to me and helped ease my pain it told me that everything would be okay and not to worry. It didnt really speak it told me telepathically and I immediately thought it was my Grandfather. The orb soothed my pain and I feel asleep. I woke the next day knowing it was not a dream. When I went to the doctor they told my there was no heartbeat of the baby anymore and later told me I may contract Cancer. I was never afraid because I knew my grandfather took my baby to heaven and that I would be okay.    ,,citizen,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Some,Secreta,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2608,ME ,1240,40,,M,"Please see previous answers. I learned that God is real, more so than this world. He loves us. Our existence is actually spiritual. He knows what we are thinking. If people realized how loving He is, no one would be afraid of dying. Also, it is extremely important, while we are here in this world, to release our brothers and sisters from our judgement (to forgive them) and to replace our judgement with unqualified love.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Life In,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2609,PLR,1472,3,,F,More of a feeling and a knowingness that my thoughts were unquestionable truths and that I could access these truths as a strength and assurance in this life when I needed them...but honestly--I didnt want to be here and wanted to be back with God and I remember my soul ACHED.....in remembering ...    ,,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,"baby, n",,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2610,DEE,1317,54,,F,"Please see number 43 above. TO add to number 43 above: I heard nothing, but sometimes my dogs would perk up their ears at something.  I have learned that my husband in a different form, and his spiritual helpers, have been present with me during certain times when I have really needed his and their presence. I have learned through his presence through these forms of light that there is a wider realm of undying consciousness that is very beautiful and peaceful and full of love and light. I have asked, intended, that he include me in as much of this learning as possible so that I can better understand life on the other side of the veil, and so that I can be a better human being and can spread more love to the world. I have also learned that despite the horrendous pain and suffering he endured as a result of his cycling accident- he was alive for 13 days on all kinds of life support and conscious for much of this time, and paralyzed and unable to speak to me due to the intubation or trach tube- he is in a better place now and not suffering anymore, and yet he isnt really gone at all.    ",,I am a ci,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Ph.D,Univers,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2611,DEE,1261,24,,F,"Earlier in the evening, I was very lonely as my new husband was gone a lot. I had only been married about 6 months, and I was beginning to realize that perhaps I had made a mistake marrying this man...that he wasnt all that in love with me. A few days earlier, I had said a prayer and asked if this was all there was to marriage and asked for help from God even though I want sure if there really was a God.  A few days later, I was asleep next to my husband. And I felt like I was having a dream with this bright light appearing. It was the brightest light I had ever seen...almost a piercing blue white light. I opened my eyes and realized this was not a dream at all! I looked into my closest where the doors were open and out of the left back side of the closest, the light radiated from. I wasnt scared...actually it was quite comforting. I quickly woke my husband up. He couldnt believe what he was seeing either. I kept saying, what is it? Is this real or are we imaging it. We both just sat there for about a minute staring at the light. Again, it was the brightest light I had ever seen but, the light didnt radiate throughout the room but stayed concentrated in the closest. After it disappeared, I just continued to sit up in bed trying to figure out what had just happened. Then, out of the blue, I began speaking in a language that I had never heard. My husband heard me, and thought I was going crazy. I had no idea what was happening. It wasnt scary....just really weird. This continued non stop for about 3 hours until I was completely exhausted and went to sleep at about 6am that am. When I woke up, I was completely perplexed as to what just happened to me. I decided I needed to go talk to someone about this so I went and visited with my priest at the Episcopal church at the time. He tried to explain it but, I was still perplexed as I had never heard of speaking I tongues, nor had I asked to have that given to me. To this day, I can still speak In tongues though I rarely do.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales f,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2612,DEE,1528,38,,M,"I was leaning in the doorway smoking. listening to music on my I pod. I was in a very sombre mood (feeling sorry for myself) I remember asking for help. There was a line in the song I was listening to about opening my eyes I suddenly began to notice my posture as slouched but I was being drawn up to standing straight, my shoulders were being drawn back and my head back. I just felt a huge power running through me, drawing me up (im quite tall but my head was now pressing against the upper doorframe) I felt strong for the first time in months , like I was being lifted up. my head was being tilted back and upward to the sky. I could see (or more accurately sense) eyes and a smile in the dark rain clouds in front of me. I can remember being aware (it was also in the song I was listening to) that I should open my eyes. All the while this was going on I had this huge energy holding me bolt upright urging me to look at the sky, I can remember feeling so peaceful yet so powerful at the same time. it felt like I was being lifted up. The face in the cloud faded and I literally fell to my knees in thanks (dropping my cigarette) I started to feel fear and this was instantly taken away by what I describe as a divine sense of humor, that told me not to worry about the cigarette getting wet and that it was funny that I had dropped it.(laughing with me not at me) I got up (after some time) and was just full of adrenaline I was shaking but happy.    ",,British N,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Dietiti,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2613,DEE,1293,61,,F,"On August 20, 2006, Holy Spirit visited me. I was creating beaded jewelry that I sold at different outlets. I had finished a line of bracelets and cleared off my beading table, and put away all my beads, to make room for a new line of bracelets I wanted to make. I walked away from the table but when I returned, I saw in the middle of the cleaned-off area a Christian cross made up of small, clear glass pebbles. You know, the kind that are rounded on one side and flat on the other side. I liked these clear glass pebbles and kept a glass of them on my beading table to look at and to play with. The cross was positioned on the table askew--1:00 / 7:00. The lines of the glass pebbled cross were absolutely perfectly straight. The long part of the cross was made up of all one side of the pebbles while the short part was made up of the other side. I stood there and just stared at the glass cross. For the first few seconds, I was in a mild state of shock. I searched my brain to see if I had done that and forgot, but no. I thought if Hank might have done it but didnt think he would have. Then I knew where it came from and got the chills. But I had to eliminate Hank just to be sure, so I called him in. I pointed to the cross and asked if he did this. He stared at the cross and said no. I told him I didnt do it either. I told him that Holy Spirit did it. He didnt say anything about this. We looked at it some more and then went back to work. I tried to Crazy Glue the glass pebbles together to keep it as it was but the round glass pebbles wouldnt hold together even with this glue. The glue residue dirtied up the pretty clear glass pebbles (as you can see in the uploaded image) but I didnt want to clean them off. I wanted to keep them as they were. I put the pebbles in a pretty silk sack and kept it together with my other Signs from God. I went to my spiritual journal and recorded this experience, like I did with all the others. Now I keep these pebbles out in the open in the shape of the cross on a plate with my DAD envelope next to it.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2614,OBE,1038,15,,F,"I heard nothing, I just knew that if I wanted too, I could float away. I thought at first it was a dream, but knew it was more than that. I looked at it as a sign. I was going to make it home safe.    ",,Citizen o,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,none,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2615,ME ,1048,40,,F,"I was exhausted, and VERY fearful..I was always on alert that someone (doctor/nurse) would approach me to tell me that he was gone..I knew I could not handle this...and felt if I was alert and watchful I could hold them off..it was exhausting ..this alertness...this seemed something that was constant...even tho I was exhausted I felt I had to be watchful...and this would keep them away...so when I was sitting in a chair watching the hands of the clock tick away approaching 12:00 midnight...so I could visit the ICU..I apparently drifted off as I had this vision: Faces of people started appearing before, just faces and they were lined up behind each other..it was dark around the faces, yet the faces were normal and they kept coming at me; one by one they would pass as they approached me, the the next one would come, I knew there were more of them...I did not recognize them nor did I try at the time...After several passed, something caught my eye on the next face, FEAR overcame me and I Stopped It...something really frightened me about this face..it was that Alertness thing..I noticed something on the bridge of this mans nose..wasnt sure what it was..sort of like a long worm laying across the bridge of his nose...I was afraid to let him pass..didnt know what it was or what it meant, but it frightened me so..but after a while I knew I HAD to let him pass, so I let him do so very slowly.. stop and go...he had dark hair and a full face and this thing on the bridge of the nose.. I looked at him carefully with the fearful thing.....then behind him was a woman with reddish hair...and then it was over, I sort of woke up and it was 12:00 and I went down to he ICU..he passed a few days later.    ",,Born rais,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Insuran,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2616,DEE,1356,19,,M,"When this communication and intense physical experience came to me I chose to leave the room where a group of about two hundred people were gathered so I could go through the event alone. It was so foreign to my experience that I had no concept of what might happen next and whatever it might be I preferred to have the experience away from, shall we say, prying eyes.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2617,DEE,1090,24,,M,"A friend of mine, Gary, a co-worker at Babcocks, was trying to convince me of the reality of Spiritualism for several weeks or months prior. I was drowzing in the break room when afterward I recalled hearing a gentle male voice very much like that of a radio announcer explain to me that I needed to spend time with my oldest son, two at the time, due to his three month absence.    ",,I am a Un,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,I was a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2618,NDE,1171,30,,M,"I fed a hose from exhaust into car and viewed photos of my family as I lost consiousness. I felt an overwhelming comfort and saw a billowing woman in white who did not speak. She conveyed a thought to me that I understood completely. if you want to come on with me its ok. But, there are things that we need you to do. So, the decision is up to you..I opened my car door and tried to stand but fell hitting my face on the concrete at my home. (I still have a small scar as a reminder) My wife found me and took me to the ER. I was fine after a few days. ShE and our children were tested and did not have HIV. We divorced later that year but remain best friends today.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2619,NDE,1388,54,,M,"Bam!  That had to be a plane, I thought to myself. Nothing else could possibly be moving that fast. The force of the impact had snapped the drivers seat off and I felt the car being catapulted forward. That in itself was alarming.  I had been traveling north on I-75 just north of Atlanta, GA and had just been readying to exit the North Marietta Loop traveling at about 60 mph when the impact from behind had occurred. Just a couple minutes prior I had seen some jets taking off from Dobbins Air Base. It wasnt a plane that hit me though. It was an uninsured 19 yr old driving an unregistered vehicle. Witness reports put his speed at over a 100 mph as he wove in and out of traffic coming up I-75.  The impact caused the back end of my car to jerk out to the right. The wheels on my Toyata Corolla seemed to grab the road surface. I could feel the car begin to turn over. I knew how fast I was going. I knew the car would be turning over and over in a wild tumble. It was without a doubt one of those entire life in a flash moments. There wasnt a lot of time for any lengthy reminiscing though.  Just two thoughts went through my mind. The first was a pondering why Divine Spirit had chosen this time for me. Wow, I really thought Ive learned a lot in this life. Im just at the point in life where I might be able to offer others something worthwhile. Why now?  The second thought was expressed in a spirit of surrendering, God, I really only have one request. Id really like to take all that Ive learned with me to my next life. Please dont require me to learn everything all over again. Reincarnation is something that Im completely familiar and comfortable with.  The car began to flip over. I could hear the metal shearing and the glass shattering all around me. I felt the tumbling effect. I felt like I was inside a long tunnel like whirlpool. In the center of that incredibly fast spinning darkness I saw a bright white light, warm like the sun, very quiet and very serene.  Total silence.  I opened my eyes. Cool, I thought. I made it through this and Im not even hurt! No pain at all!  Then I tried to move. Not so much as a finger responded. I was lying face down, head in the back seat, my feet somewhere up around the area of the steering wheel. A thumb was pressing hard against my nose and lip. I could see that it appeared, by its relative positioning, to be the thumb from my left hand, but it was my right thumb. I could also see that my right arm bent in an awkward position under my throat. God, Im glad Im paralyzed because that would really hurt if I could feel it, I said to myself.  Totally paralyzed, I thought to myself. Quadriplegic. I will be a burden on everyone for the rest of my life.  I then concluded that because I was unable to feel any pain, that I probably had serious internal injuries as well. I would die here, but at least I would die without pain. I thanked Divine Spirit for that blessing.  I could literally feel myself, as Spirit, sinking slowly down and out of my body. It was a deeply sickening feeling. Then I heart a tapping sound. Are you all right? a womans trembling voice asked.  Im paralyzed. Call the police, call the ambulance. I said. At least I could talk, I thought to myself.  That started a flurry of activity. Over the next half hour, I heard sirens, people yelling and screaming, and the unmistakable sound of a helicopter. All the while I laid face down, head in the back seat, not moving. All the doors were jammed. The parameds were frantically trying to reach me and couldnt. They kept saying, Stay with us now, stay with us. They ended up cutting off the entire roof of the car and very carefully they lifted me out. I was placed on a stretcher, moved to level ground, and was immediately given an IV.  At least 5 or 6 medical personal surrounded me. The one directly above my face said to me, Mr., youre going to be all right. Then a womans voice said, Mr., have you made arrangements for organ transplants?  Yeah, I said. Its on my drivers license. I could see the guy directly above me stare down the lady who said it.  Then another voice spoke up. Mr, do you have a living will?  No, I said. I looked up at the guy above me and said, Im in it pretty deep, huh?  He smiled down at me and said Id be fine. Yeah, right, I thought to myself.  They strapped me in the lifeflight helicopter. Off I went to the Atlanta Medical Center Spinal Trauma Unit, the best such facility for hundreds of miles in all directions. Upon arriving I was placed in the operating room recovery room. Apparently there was more room there for all the medical personnel to gather round me.  After being taken for CAT Scans and an MRI I was returned to the recovery room. After the initial blur of activity, another seriously injured person was brought into the room. She was obviously near death. The doctors",,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2620,ADC,1394,49,,F,"Terry Dean                         1946-2012 Terry was a well-known and dedicated musician in the Overberg and Hermanus. Terry\xe2\x80\x99s battle with cancer started in 2007-where it was diagnosed in the colon. He was successfully operated on in September that year and recovered, remaining healthy until March 2009, when a tumour was removed from his small intestine. He received chemotherapy at Tygerberg Hospital afterwards and seemed well. He continued to play his gigs-he said the music took his mind away from the pain. His last gig was just after New Year 2012 at the Shuntin\xe2\x80\x99 Shed in Bot River-but he was very weak by then.  The last six months of his life, he was cared for at home-with the help of Hospice. Terry slipped into a coma on Thursday 28th June-I spoke to him and told him it was alright to move on, that his daughters T&#232;gan and Tullia, and I, would be fine. I also asked him to send me a sign when he crossed over. He passed away in the early hours of Friday morning. He was smiling. I knew he had left us, and in the early winter morning, I looked out of the window up at the grey sky-completely overcast except for a very defined sliver of blue sky- in the perfect shape of an electric guitar. I was so grateful for that sign. Terry had asked a good friend of his to sell his beloved Fender Telecaster (which he bought in America) to help support his family-as he had been unable to work for months. I was told that the lady who bought it was called Tracy; and she had bought it for her partner, John, whom we had never met, as they live near Johannesburg. The morning of Terry\xe2\x80\x99s passing; I received a call from Tracy, enquiring how Terry was. I told her that he had passed away in the early hours of that morning. She gave me condolences and put John on the phone. This is what he told me: On the night in question, at about 11:45 p.m. my very faithful dog, Sasha, nudged me with her nose and would not stop...until I got out of bed. I was at my farm, not far from Hartebeespoort Dam at the time. Only to find Sasha sitting next to the Fender case... I made a cup of coffee, called my dog to the kitchen and she would not budge. I know that it sounds weird, but, I had to play the telecaster... my dog left the room as soon as I plugged the guitar into the amp... played a few bars of John Lee Hooker and went to bed. As you know I phoned you the next morning to offer my condolences... how I knew that?... your Terry was with me, of that I am sure... I feel that he has been back, too often I find myself compelled to play the tele. Bear in mind, I have seven other guitars, all very good... but the tele keeps calling...??? The guitar is well and safe... I play the smoke out of it and love the mood it leaves me with... I am sure you understand what I mean by that. In any case, I have no opinion on the life here after, but, Terry Dean was with me and wanted to hear me play, to see if I was up to scratch, I think?  When John woke up the following morning he said to Tracy, \xe2\x80\x9cTerry\xe2\x80\x99s gone.\xe2\x80\x9d    ",,South Afr,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,avera,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Self-em,,marri,widow,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2621,ADC,1059,10,,F,"My mother called me to come downstairs. Her voice was very clear and I yelled down to answer her that I was coming. I closed my book and went quickly down the stairs. When I got to the bottom of the stairs, it suddenly hit me that it could not have been my mother calling because she had died the year before. I asked my stepmother if she had called me. She did not. At that point, I went back upstairs feeling that my mother was just touching base with me. It was a comforting feeling.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2622,DEE,1404,21,,M,". I \xe2\x80\x9cImagined\xe2\x80\x9d in my head fields of daisies and the beach. I felt many sexual sensations that were very real and believed a woman was making love to me. I heard too many voices to say specifics. I felt terrified, weak physically, burning foul hot energy consuming me, energy that was directed towards me because I was weak, taken advantage of energetically. I felt beauty and true love. I realized how strong I was. Going through Hell like a brave soldier, taking the assault and spiritual violence \xe2\x80\x9crape\xe2\x80\x9d and enduring it as a cross to bare. Knowing only that I was good and I was in a realm of evil. Yet guided by my true love. Many hallucinations-auditory, tactile, olfactory, gustatory. Looking back I realize that I was lost in a world I didn\xe2\x80\x99t belong, that the higher powers had reached me and I was beginning the process of \xe2\x80\x98Waking Up\xe2\x80\x99. And that I was always a being of pure innocence and goodness. And that the evil world, or reality that I had been living in was torturing and giving me Hell because the last thing it wanted was for me to wake up.    ",,"British,",1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,unemplo,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2623,OBE,1002,32,,M,"Once I blacked out I saw myself from behind. I physically was standing behind myself. I felt whole and yet completely detached form my body, completely aware of what was happening. I saw my friend shaking me, call out to his wife and could see her in the kitchen which I could not have done from the vantage of sitting on the sofa. I felt whole but less substance, hard to explain but teh only way I can explain, like I was whole but did not feel the weight of me or my body. When I came back to my body and woke up i experience a loud pop and then my eyes opened and I took in a large gasp of air, got up and felt ok more or less minus the soreness from coughing. No headache nothing    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Prefer no,Unity,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",maste,non pro,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2624,DEE,1163,58,,M,"I found myself floating in a dark void. I was not firghtened at all. It was very peaceful, but non the less very real. The longer I was there, I slowly became aware that there was something, someone, else very far away. I sensed that it was on my right. Ever so slowly, I sensed that I was getting closer and closer to it. I was not afraid. Then, at some point, I looked over to my right side, and remember saying very casually, OH...its you Just like I had known it forever, but hadnt seen it for awhile. I remember quite well, that I either speeded up my forward and sideways movement, or The Presence slowed down to the point when we merged togather and I was completely filled with the most Profound Living Love and Profound Living Peace. I realized immediately that I was being loved like I had never known possible. It was Total and Complete and Profoundly Pure! There were quite a few Profoundly Loving Souls there with and through me all at the same time. The experience was far more real than anything I could have ever imagined. I never wanted it to end.      ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Employm,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2625,NDA,1470,43,,M,"I did not see anything. I felt a sensation like energy pouring through me. It felt positively energizing. I heard the phrase No matter what happens, everything will be ok. I feel like I was somehow changed by that experience because I feel like I do not have to worry about my father. I cannot explain why I have this peace.    ",,Legal U.S,"50,000",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,undec,littl,"50,000 99",colle,Longsho,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2626,OBE,1236,41,,F,"It took a second to collect my thoughts as I had never spontaneously gone out-of-body while awake unless I had been consciously trying to. Once alert, I noticed an older truck in my direct view. It was an odd, faded color of purple. As the color caught my attention, the truck hummed to life. A man had started the motor and was backing up.  Behind the truck, sitting in the driveway playing, was a small child aged 2-3. Horrified, I watched as the truck backed over the little child. Intuitively I knew it was the boys father who had unknowingly run over, and killed the child.  Immediately the infant boys essense popped out of his body. There was a translucent quality to it, but for me it was more of a strong sensing of his presence. He was bewildered, and unsure of what to do. Disoriented.  Having had an NDE some seven years prior, I knew that I was there to lead this little one to the Light. I mentally asked him if I could help, and he agrred. Following my lead, we drifted toward a pinpoint of Light in the far distance. He calmed significantly and headed on toward the Light. I melded back into my body and became physically alert again.    ",,Citizen,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Financi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2627,ME ,1303,54,,F,"Through hypnosis is how I have been able to get back in touch with the other side or other dimension. I have had amazing experiences. From Past Lives that I can verify to meeting with my Spirit Guide and the Masters. I have been able to have access to my soul on the other side or in the Astral. It is like an orb. When I touch it I feel complete and whole. What is neat is that I can feel and see the souls of all my family and friends there also even though they are still alive here. I have also talked to deceased family members. The place is so beautiful. Flowers, gardens, fountains, temples, streams. Beings of light in different colors. It is beyond anything that words can begin to describe.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Registe,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2628,ME ,1564,17,,F,"At the moment I stopped, there was a terrific CRACK! and lightning struck the house. The phone next to the doorway rang, and a flash of light leapt across the doorway and struck the metal latch plate. I was only inches from this flash of light and would have been in its path if I hadnt stopped the instant I did. But I had no idea why I stopped. There was no conscious decision on my part. I just stopped! Then Ka-pow! I stood there astonished for a few moments, and there came Dad down the hall in his bathrobe, asking if everything was okay. I said I was alright but I thought the phone had been fried. He picked up the receiver and said it was dead. I never knew if I would have been seriously harmed by that blast of electrons, but I felt some entity had protected me. That experience made me question how autonomous I really am and how much may be going on behind the scenes that Im not aware of. At the time, it didnt occur to me that at the soul level I may be on different wavelengths of time/perception/etc.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I was s,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2629,OBE,1123,19,,M,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2630,DEE,1439,42,,M,"I saw the white light an that changed my view of the world. I suddenly understood what love is and the Power of love. I also understood in a different way most of the speaking from Jesus and other spiritual persons as Eckhart Tolle, Deepak Chopra, etc. In some way I just recoqnized what they were saying as the truth.    ",,Norwegian,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2631,ADC,1121,45,,M,"At 12:30 AM on a Wednesday I was awakened from sleep by encountering a being comprised of white light floating above me and moving toward me. Initially, I was afraid and mentally cringed. As it approached me I felt overwhelming love wash over and through me. It then continued on. Two days later, I was informed that my mother had died within the last few days but was not found until Friday. No one knew her time of death.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Pilot,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2632,ADC,1256,56,,M,"The following can best described as a conversation I had, in the middle of the night, with the spirit of my deceased friend, Gayle. She was a high school pal from my senior year at a well-known arts boarding school in Michigan. She passed away in January after a long grueling bout with cancer. Of course, we didn\xe2\x80\x99t speak in exact words, (other than the comment about \xe2\x80\x9c56 or 57 years\xe2\x80\x9d which I remember clearly), but I have written what was said in that wonderful, brief moment of connection when I felt I had a peek behind the curtain of mortality. Gayle Hey, Mike! Mike Gayle! Gayle I\xe2\x80\x99m OK, here. I\xe2\x80\x99m happy and at peace. Thank you for remembering me, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t want you to feel so badly. Mike I miss you so much! Gayle I know it seems like my life was cut short, but we don\xe2\x80\x99t say, \xe2\x80\x9cGayle lived 56 or 57 years\xe2\x80\x9d here. How long you were on earth doesn\xe2\x80\x99t matter. What matters is if you had a good life \xe2\x80\x93 if you knew God\xe2\x80\x99s love and touched other people with it. Mike Gayle \xe2\x80\x93 I understand \xe2\x80\x93 Quality not Quantity! Gayle Exactly! Mike, I had a wonderful life, so don\xe2\x80\x99t feel badly \xe2\x80\x93 just know peace and joy for me now. Mike I do feel it, Gayle. And I can be happy for you \xe2\x80\x93 I feel your peace and joy. It must be what heaven feels like. Gayle I love you, Mike. Mike (raising hand to touch a presence) Thank you, Gayle \xe2\x80\x93  And she was gone\xe2\x80\xa6    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Musicia,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2633,ADC,1050,42,,F,"The second dream she came to me in white clothing walking down a long stairway with another lady and she looked peaceful. She also came to my husband, he asked her to stay, she said she couldnt, that she was with Jesus and that she was happy.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,I was a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2634,ME ,1287,57,,F,"On January 12, 2002 something pivotal happened that enabled me to open my mind to believe in God. My husband Hank and I were staying at a historic, antique-filled bed and breakfast, Butternut Farm, in Glastonbury, Connecticut. (I dont think the owners of this establishment would want it to be made public that their bed and breakfast is haunted.) It was Saturday night and we went to sleep on the comfortable and luxurious bed. In the middle of the night, I woke up, eyes wide open, and sat up tall in bed. Looking back on this experience, I must have looked like I was in one of those movies when someone is under a spell and rises from their sleep with their eyes wide open, back straight as a board. I didnt hear or smell anything and I wasnt touched by anything but I instantly turned my head to the left and saw something. About three feet away from me, suspended in mid air about eye level to me, was a ghost. The ghost was shaped like a huge, round, horizontal Bayer aspirin tablet. It was flat on the top and bottom with rounded edges. It was about two feet in diameter. The ghost was made up of thousands of tiny black particles, each shaped like a sperm, which furiously rotated clockwise as fast as a tornado. It spun around so violently that it spewed off some of the tiny black particles. But, although the ghost was just a couple of feet away and although it was spinning as fast as a tornado, I didnt feel a breeze and none of the particles touched me. It was as if the ghost was contained in its own little world, separate from my human world. This whole experience actually lasted just a few seconds, because as soon as I sat up and turned my head and my eyes saw the ghost, as if it saw me looking at it, it instantly broke down into an amoebic mob of black particles and made a mad dash for the closed old door and disappeared through the long crack of the warped frame. I sat up for a while thinking about this experience. Strangely, I did not feel fear because if I did, I would have awakened my husband. I did feel a sort of fear because I didnt want to put my head back down on the pillow, afraid to go back to sleep, afraid the ghost would return. But I was very tired and layed back down to ponder what I should do. The next thing I knew, it was morning. As soon as we woke up, I told Hank about the ghost. He just listened to me. He looked like he was believing me. I told him there probably was a small chance it was all a dream but I didnt think so. It didnt feel like a dream. It felt real and I remembered it in vivid detail. When we went downstairs for breakfast, I was so excited that I told everyone in the dining room what happened to me that night. The two owners mockingly pooh-poohed my story but there was a visiting pastor from Pennsylvania. She also stayed overnight because she was to give a sermon at a nearby church. She confirmed that she was also visited by the ghost. She said she didnt see what I saw but she woke up during the night and felt its presence sitting in a chair by her bed. She said that in her line of work, people often came to her with stories and issues concerning ghosts and spirits. With the pastor as witness, I was validated 100% that I did indeed see a ghost. Actually, I think this pastor was an Angel because in the days ahead I tried to reach her but I couldnt find her anywhere, even though she gave me her business card. It was as if she disappeared. Seeing the ghost was a shocking but crucial experience. It had served a greater purpose in my life than just to amaze me. It took about a year for me to digest and process the ghost before I could tell anyone else. Then I told a friend. After getting this experience out, I started to really think about the ghost. It suddenly dawned on me that I saw a ghost! The reality of seeing a ghost, I realized, became proof that there really was a spiritual world. Standing now on the threshold of this whole new world, my mind looked out and wondered: Wow! Now that I know there really is a spiritual world and that ghosts are real, what else can I believe in? The answer came in my very next breath: God. But, still, I didnt find God for another year. And on that day, everything became crystal clear.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2635,ADC,1203,40,,F,"He looked at me and said Hey, Lis. I jut stood there, did not step any closer toward the car. He was the only one who called me Lis. I said hi back to him. he said he wanted to thank me for all the prayers and that he was ok now. he said did I know he would have been 50? I said I didnt realize that but I was 40 now and I know he was 10 years older. I felt surprised to see him. he looked so good, happy and healthy. he hadnt looked like that when he died.    ",,I am an A,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,Nursw,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2636,OBE,1123,19,,M,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2637,NDE,1066,24,,F,"Suddenly I realized that I was someplace other than earth. I was not scared at all. It was dark, but peaceful I felt as if I was being held in the arms of Jesus. I was told (not verbally/audibly, but there was a consious awareness of communication, and understanding, perhaps telepathic) that I was loved. In this darkness I felt every cell of my body bathed in peace and love and comfort. No pain, not a euphoria, but just simply wonderful. It felt so good. But then I realized I had a choice to move forward to (I assumed heaven) or go back to where I had been. As good as this place made me feel, I thought about how cute my new baby sone was and how I wanted to be his mother. As soon as my choice was clear, I felt my self beamed back instantly to the hospital bed. I remember saying to the nurses, Im back. I was too weak to open my eyes, but KNEW I had been elsewhere and now was not only back on earth, but back for a long time.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Recepti,,marri,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2638,DEE,1534,57,,M,No noise. I was fortunate to have a first hand experience that strengthened my faith in things beyond the physical world.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Tree se,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2639,OBE,1259,30,,F,"This sense of Oneness remained with me so tangibly and ther4e was a sense of Presence which lasted for many months. I used to wake up in the morning and my first thought was Is it still there?. I didnt see phenomena outside myself, it was a sense of Pure Being. It was as if a portion of my brain/mind had died or been forgotten and a new holistic awareness was now able to answer every question I had. I was drawn to classical music, especially Beethoven, and I bought Shakespeares works and felt I understood it all even though I had no interest before. This all began to happen 36 years ago and now its all a distant memory. But I KNOW God exists and that existence manifests as Love including Law.     ",,German,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Secreta,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2640,ADC,1051,63,,M,"(See above). Three days after this experience, many of our extended family came to our house for support and to trade stories about Darrell. Before Darrells favorite niece, jessica, left for home, I told of the story of what had happened just after she had died. She went home and called me an hour later. She had just Googled the words the peace of God which passeth all understanding and found that it came from Pauls firts letter to the Phillipeans. There was a blog with entries from people who had commented about this phrase, basically how they had found so much comfort from them. The first blog was from someone named Darrell.    ",,US citize,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,Consult,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2641,DEE,1293,61,,F,"On August 20, 2006, Holy Spirit visited me. I was creating beaded jewelry that I sold at different outlets. I had finished a line of bracelets and cleared off my beading table, and put away all my beads, to make room for a new line of bracelets I wanted to make. I walked away from the table but when I returned, I saw in the middle of the cleaned-off area a Christian cross made up of small, clear glass pebbles. You know, the kind that are rounded on one side and flat on the other side. I liked these clear glass pebbles and kept a glass of them on my beading table to look at and to play with. The cross was positioned on the table askew--1:00 / 7:00. The lines of the glass pebbled cross were absolutely perfectly straight. The long part of the cross was made up of all one side of the pebbles while the short part was made up of the other side. I stood there and just stared at the glass cross. For the first few seconds, I was in a mild state of shock. I searched my brain to see if I had done that and forgot, but no. I thought if Hank might have done it but didnt think he would have. Then I knew where it came from and got the chills. But I had to eliminate Hank just to be sure, so I called him in. I pointed to the cross and asked if he did this. He stared at the cross and said no. I told him I didnt do it either. I told him that Holy Spirit did it. He didnt say anything about this. We looked at it some more and then went back to work. I tried to Crazy Glue the glass pebbles together to keep it as it was but the round glass pebbles wouldnt hold together even with this glue. The glue residue dirtied up the pretty clear glass pebbles (as you can see in the uploaded image) but I didnt want to clean them off. I wanted to keep them as they were. I put the pebbles in a pretty silk sack and kept it together with my other Signs from God. I went to my spiritual journal and recorded this experience, like I did with all the others. Now I keep these pebbles out in the open in the shape of the cross on a plate with my DAD envelope next to it.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2642,ME ,1034,35,,F,"Im not sure what happened. It wasnt a voice or a feeling. I just knew I had to stop living the way I was and I was not even sure why but it was so overwhelming that I could not avoid that one truth on that day. It came up inside of me and told me to stop. I knew that it was not my idea and I also knew I had to obey but that I would be ok. I was not scared and I did not know what to do. I found my way to a local DSS office, never having been to one before and lay on the floor in full withdrawal and asked for help. I was given a bus schedule to a rehab and found my way to it. I have been sober ever since by following spiritual priciples of my 12 step group.    ",,American,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",Some,Chef,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2643,DEE,1412,55,,M,See #43.    ,,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Visual,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2644,OBE,1532,42,,M,"As above there was no use of senses as we know them just an understanding that although I could not physically see, touch, smell, or hear anything I was yet able to know everything and that what I was experiencing was very real.    ",,UK and Au,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Interna,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2645,OBE,1249,18,,F,"I went in a long ways, trying to escape, and finally came out into a two dimensional dark place (blue-black) where small spherical (marble sized) beings of light moved about. I too was able to move and went in search of God. One of the lights came up to me and stopped me. It said, You are not expected yet. I seemed to hear those exact words and had a number of emotional impressions from it: disapproval, contempt, irritation. I gathered that my whole conception of God was all wrong, as was my unorthodox entry, and that I must return to where I had come from. I went back in and seemed to come into a switchboard kind of part of my brain where I tried to plug in during the course of a grand mal episode.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2646,DEE,1305,55,,F,"One day when I was 55, my spiritual life shifted into a new direction. This is a funny and ironic story. I was shopping alone in my local Bed, Bath and Beyond store, buying stuff and yet another set of bed linens because I didnt have that particular shade of beige. I suddenly stopped walking and looked down at all the stuff in my cart and felt a longing. I thought to myself, Is this it? Is this all there is to life? That Peggy Lee song came into my head: Is That All There Is? I just stood there, in that store, staring at all my stuff in the cart, and feeling a strong yearning to find a deeper meaning to life. I wasnt thinking to find God yet. I just wanted to know a deeper meaning to life. I couldnt believe that life was just about cooking dinners, buying bed linens and sending people greeting cards. I didnt realize then that I wanted to find God. The funny and ironic part of this story is that God planted this second seed (the first seed had to do with Rose Kennedys face, which Ill submit soon) at the store called Bed, Bath and BEYOND. A girlfriend brought this irony to my attention, which I didnt get at the time of the STE. At the moment that my STE occurred, I told myself that I was going to find a deeper meaning in life. My mood changed. I was now joyful and hopeful that I would find Meaning in life. I was a little excited by my new project.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2647,ADC,1185,45,,F,"To continue, after I went back to sleep, I had a dream which I consider an after death communication as it was very powerful to me anyway. In my dream, the brother of my loved one who died in May 2012 came to me in my dream. The brother of my loved one is also deceased and he died in 2003. In the dream it was just my loved ones brother and me. In the dream, I asked him, Wheres Bob? The brother said, What you want is overwhelming for him. We just looked at each other for a moment after that. In the dream, I felt a little confused. But I reached to hug my loved ones brother and said, Hugging you is like hugging Bob. Then we hugged and after that he dissapeared and the dream was over.  After I woke up, I remembered the dream very clearly. But, just like I was confused in the dream, I was confused when I first woke up. I thought to myself, What does he mean that what I want is overwhelming for Bob? Then I remembered that I had asked for the sign in the form of a particular song. I was stunned.  It was like my loved one sent his brother to tell me he couldnt give me that particular sign because it was too overwhelming. And to this day, though I have received many signs from my loved one, I never have heard this song playing anywhere! I guess it really is overwhelming! Anyway, it was so amazing to get that kind of answer so quickly. I truly feel I was having 2 way communication with the spirit of my loved ones brother.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Researc,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2648,ADC,1448,63,,F,"In an instant, I was wherever Prince was. I recall the vivid brightness that didnt hurt my eyes but was incredible. I was standing on I would have to say green grass, a more brilliant green than any imaginable. Around me were a few bushes and small clumps of flowers, very brilliant colors but they were not what was interesting me. Ahead and slightly left was a white structure, like stucco, astoundingly brilliant white, think it had an A pitched white roof, and was full of open round arch windows....no actual windows just openings. From my vantage point my brown and white Paint horse, Prince, was on the far side of this structure, racing to the right and then left, then right, I felt in an effort to come to me, but he couldnt. I could see him beyond all these arched openings. Then I was jolted to the reality that I had seen him, he was ok, and I was happily upset.     ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
2649,ADC,1418,52,,F,"I knew immediately that my son had done something almost unbelievable, but I continued to look for the shoe. I did not find it. I was overwhelmed and in fact got a camera and took a picture of the one shoe lying there. I didnt realize until later that the picture would serve no purpose, but I was thinking so at the time. I was very excited. I did not find the shoe until many months later. It was upstairs in the spare bedroom under a bed he slept on when visiting me. I rarely went in that room.    ",,Citizen o,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,US Gove,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2650,ME ,1218,60,,M,"The English language does not have words to adequately describe the feelings but here goes. The atmosphere in the room began slowly to change, it began to thicken and become more dense and there was an overwhelming presence in the room and the atmosphere. It felt as though there was else outside the room, nothing existed outside that room, it was like a separate bubble. Then the sensation of love started to permeate the air. I am not talking of a happy lovey type feeling, no this was an intense overwhelming love that went straight through the body and mind. It was absolute unconditional love and a clear message came into my head that love is the essential truth. The experience was so overwhelming that tears began to flow and I had to move away from the couch so not to wet the person lying there. The sensation lasted for several minutes and then began to fade.    ",,British c,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Outreac,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2651,ME ,1074,49,,F,"i could hear her in my mind and feel her in the breeze the earth the sun part of the trees wispering to me. Understanding not hearing that she was here with me in me part of all of me and the cosmos in all things and in one felled swoop I understood the meaning God is everywhere, omnipotent,  I got it ! I felt a comprehension a connection that all is one. This is really the third time this has happened . Always in conjunction with nature no drugs or alcohol etc. I felt euphoric my grief changed in a sense and I felt my Mothers Joy!! I new she was happy and with her beloved Jesus. She had unwavering faith. I was awed again and knew that like birth, death is a miracle, the same as coming is the passage of going a miracle!    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Commerc,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2652,DEE,1163,58,,M,"I found myself floating in a dark void. I was not firghtened at all. It was very peaceful, but non the less very real. The longer I was there, I slowly became aware that there was something, someone, else very far away. I sensed that it was on my right. Ever so slowly, I sensed that I was getting closer and closer to it. I was not afraid. Then, at some point, I looked over to my right side, and remember saying very casually, OH...its you Just like I had known it forever, but hadnt seen it for awhile. I remember quite well, that I either speeded up my forward and sideways movement, or The Presence slowed down to the point when we merged togather and I was completely filled with the most Profound Living Love and Profound Living Peace. I realized immediately that I was being loved like I had never known possible. It was Total and Complete and Profoundly Pure! There were quite a few Profoundly Loving Souls there with and through me all at the same time. The experience was far more real than anything I could have ever imagined. I never wanted it to end.      ",,Natural B,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Employm,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2653,DEE,1335,29,,F,"It was a male voice, it must have sounded something like my then fianc&#233; because I thought it was him yelling my name. He yelled my name which alerted me to react which I did and I heard nothing else.    ",,A US citi,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,Outside,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2654,ME ,1431,28,,F,"It was a warm July evening in 2010. I had two 8month-old twin daughters at the time. I got an invitation for a dinner with friends and spent the evening with them. My husband was at home with the girls. I was walking home after the dinner. It was already dark and the city lights were on. I was walking on a deserted street alone when a car passed me. Young men were sitting in it, hearing loud music. I did not really pay attention to them and turned into another street, which was much darker. Suddenly a really strong invisible force hit me, and I staggered into a dark corner near a house. I almost fell, and was shocked. 2 seconds later the same car with the young men appeared in the street. This time they were driving very slowly as if they were looking for something/someone. They could not see me, as I was still in the dark corner of a house. They passed me again, this time the music was off. I realized later that they must have been looking for me. I struggled to get myself together in the corner where I was still crouching. I was shocked because it was clearly not me, who decided to hide in the corner. It was as if someone/something had hit me or shoved me there. I went home at last but I have not told anybody about this experience for a long time, not even my husband.     ",,Hungarian,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Human R,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2655,OBE,1249,18,,F,"I went in a long ways, trying to escape, and finally came out into a two dimensional dark place (blue-black) where small spherical (marble sized) beings of light moved about. I too was able to move and went in search of God. One of the lights came up to me and stopped me. It said, You are not expected yet. I seemed to hear those exact words and had a number of emotional impressions from it: disapproval, contempt, irritation. I gathered that my whole conception of God was all wrong, as was my unorthodox entry, and that I must return to where I had come from. I went back in and seemed to come into a switchboard kind of part of my brain where I tried to plug in during the course of a grand mal episode.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2656,ME ,1145,59,,F,"Through all my experiences I have learned that my true family of support resides on the other side of the veil. I feel that is our true home and that as developing souls we come here to this earth into this body to learn and develop our souls. We make contracts with souls on the other side to meet here in specific environments and situations to learn from each other. It is somewhat life being sent off to boarding school. Once we learn our lessons we go back home to the other side. We dont always learn our lessons, sometimes we opt out of our lessons and need to keep coming back until we learn and finish that lesson.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Speech,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2657,ADC,1131,47,,F,"As above, in 43, I told my beloved pet I loved him and missed him, looking at his box of ashes I had received two hours earlier, lying on the floor at his favorit espot. I saw a gold light rise from his box of ashes. I said outloud what the hell! I called my husband and my sister and my sister-in-law and I asked Do you want to hear about my miracle. It affected me immediately. I knew immediately that there is much more to life than we think. I felt compelled to go the Barnes and Nobles the next day and purchase books. I ended up in the New Age section of Barnes and Nobles, which I had never done before. I bought about four or five books on after death contact with beloved pets. Some books had only one story, such as James Van Praaghs book Talking to Heaven. I bought Melvin Morse book and Raymond Moody books. I was compelled to visit web sites on the Internet, Guggenheims adc project web site, Jeff Longs NDE and after-death web site. I very proudly shared my story with anyone who would listen, wanting them to know their loved ones are okay and they will see them again some day.    ",,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Self-em,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2658,OBE,1223,52,,F,"I remember my breath ending, like a release, and I felt no fear. Then I was in the hands of God, which felt, as the best way to describe it, like being inside a golden flower, with an indescribable sense of love surrounding me and permeating me. I was just there, absorbing the energy and power and love. Then I remember floating and traveling above an earthlike scene, with a green field below and some mountains in the distance. To my right was the edge of a city with a rock wall of some kind. I dont remember much about the city, only that it was there and I was traveling toward it. After that I came back into my own body.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",maste,Owner/D,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2659,OBE,1223,52,,F,"I remember my breath ending, like a release, and I felt no fear. Then I was in the hands of God, which felt, as the best way to describe it, like being inside a golden flower, with an indescribable sense of love surrounding me and permeating me. I was just there, absorbing the energy and power and love. Then I remember floating and traveling above an earthlike scene, with a green field below and some mountains in the distance. To my right was the edge of a city with a rock wall of some kind. I dont remember much about the city, only that it was there and I was traveling toward it. After that I came back into my own body.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",maste,Owner/D,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2660,OBE,1526,13,,F,"First of many. In my bed...falling asleep. I feel like I am in a whirring tunnel. I feel a vibration...I hear a noise that sounds a bit like the noise the Six Million Dollar Man makes when he runs or jumps. I am paralyzed and in terror. Desperate to pull out of it...instead I pull through it and am On the other side. The other side consists of my father and my sister and her friend (all living at this time)My sister and her friend are dressed in doll clothes and wearing doll make-up. Big lashes, red circle cheeks. I am annoyed by them. I wake up then for real. I am alarmed as I realize that cant tell the difference between pulling out (waking up) and pulling through (waking in another dimension). The rest of the night is spent drifting/travelling in and out of these other wordly dimensions with people I know in various educational sketches. I personally know the meanings of many of these scenarios but they are not relevent. so I either wake up to my darkened empty room or wake up on what I now call the other side. This began a basic skill that I accessed many times later throughout my life.    ",,citizen,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,n/a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
2661,ME ,1218,60,,M,"The English language does not have words to adequately describe the feelings but here goes. The atmosphere in the room began slowly to change, it began to thicken and become more dense and there was an overwhelming presence in the room and the atmosphere. It felt as though there was else outside the room, nothing existed outside that room, it was like a separate bubble. Then the sensation of love started to permeate the air. I am not talking of a happy lovey type feeling, no this was an intense overwhelming love that went straight through the body and mind. It was absolute unconditional love and a clear message came into my head that love is the essential truth. The experience was so overwhelming that tears began to flow and I had to move away from the couch so not to wet the person lying there. The sensation lasted for several minutes and then began to fade.    ",,British c,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Outreac,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2662,OBE,1559,49,,M,"I think it was November 2014, I was doing my meditation and this time I focused on my concern about IS and asked why this is allowed to exist. I received instantly an answer. A thick blanket of love came over me from my feet to my head. This was symbolic and like an introduction for the next images. I was shown a large area. A kind of birds eye view was shown to me and a thick blanket of love was pulled over that area which was taken by IS. It became clear to me that this blanket of love was made by numerous souls who were concerned and sending their love. This love was enormous and the concern was like from a mother towards her children. It became clear to me that the love was there and it could heal if people wanted to. It was up to them (the IS-soldiers). Their (the IS-soldiers) decision, their free will, was the result of the mess and suffering. I was told to be not afraid. Never!    ",,Dutch nat,"50,000",spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Diploma,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2663,ME ,1161,4,,F,"Standing in the back yard, deep in thought, suddenly, I was high above everything looking down at myself on the ground. I somehow knew that nothing mattered. I was part of something so much larger that my existence on earth was minor. I surely didnt think those thoughts as a child, but had a knowing that all of this was true. I can still feel it now. Then I was back on the ground, just looking around. Although Ive come to view these three STEs as mystical, I am not wondering if they are out-of-body. Doesnt feel that way, but could be.    ",,American,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,n/a,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2664,ADC,1256,56,,M,"The following can best described as a conversation I had, in the middle of the night, with the spirit of my deceased friend, Gayle. She was a high school pal from my senior year at a well-known arts boarding school in Michigan. She passed away in January after a long grueling bout with cancer. Of course, we didn\xe2\x80\x99t speak in exact words, (other than the comment about \xe2\x80\x9c56 or 57 years\xe2\x80\x9d which I remember clearly), but I have written what was said in that wonderful, brief moment of connection when I felt I had a peek behind the curtain of mortality. Gayle Hey, Mike! Mike Gayle! Gayle I\xe2\x80\x99m OK, here. I\xe2\x80\x99m happy and at peace. Thank you for remembering me, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t want you to feel so badly. Mike I miss you so much! Gayle I know it seems like my life was cut short, but we don\xe2\x80\x99t say, \xe2\x80\x9cGayle lived 56 or 57 years\xe2\x80\x9d here. How long you were on earth doesn\xe2\x80\x99t matter. What matters is if you had a good life \xe2\x80\x93 if you knew God\xe2\x80\x99s love and touched other people with it. Mike Gayle \xe2\x80\x93 I understand \xe2\x80\x93 Quality not Quantity! Gayle Exactly! Mike, I had a wonderful life, so don\xe2\x80\x99t feel badly \xe2\x80\x93 just know peace and joy for me now. Mike I do feel it, Gayle. And I can be happy for you \xe2\x80\x93 I feel your peace and joy. It must be what heaven feels like. Gayle I love you, Mike. Mike (raising hand to touch a presence) Thank you, Gayle \xe2\x80\x93  And she was gone\xe2\x80\xa6    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Musicia,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2665,OBE,1371,26,,M,"What I observed, felt and saw were the most real things I ever experienced. As I slept, I didnt just float away I shot off like a rocket. I was going warp speed with a destination pre-programmed. I didnt know consciously where I was headed, I just knew I was going. It was very much the sensation of flying through space. It was dark like space, but I dont remember darkness. I do recall zooming past worlds, orbs really, not planets in the physical sense, but worlds nonetheless, near and far. I traveled at this warp speed what I could sense was a vast distance, multitudes beyond what we even have measurements for. When I came out of my travels, I found myself in the presence of these two men as described above.  And HERE is the most remarkable, profound, and intense part of this experience: Despite their important work of apparently saving a large population, when I arrived there, they both turned their full attention to me. Here, words truly lose their meaning. I have great reverence for these two men and the work they were seemingly doing, yet despite this they afforded me their full attention and admiration and love. They were happy to see ME! But it was so much more than that. I felt all of the infinite and unconditional love of the universe, the acceptance, everything Dr. Eben discussed in his book, if I may use that cop-out in lieu of attempting to describe the indescribable.  At the time, I had been dealing with being disrespected as a new EMT in a culture that big on attitude and tradition and small on respect. I learned one of the most important lessons of my life in that moment: That every being on earth is greeted with %1,000 full attention, love, admiration, and acceptance by God, with no regard to anything else thats going on. I cant fathom how its possible to everywhere and doing everything at once, despite the fact that I experienced beings capable of that while making me the center and sole focus of all that infinite love.  I clumsily and, I feel, stupidly introduced myself as Josh, from Oregon, as though that would have made sense. It did, apparently. As we all floated above this world with refugees down below, information was exchanged. There was a discussion. I do not recall nor did I upon waking- that discussion that was shared between the three of us. I was there to experience what I had upon my arrival. My mother, whom I was best friends with, died in 2002. My family was shattered, but I was the apple of my mothers eye. Her death is something that I still havent dealt with fully. I sense that this was at the heart of that exchange, however it was with some other part of me that I dont have access to right now.  When this conversation concluded, whatever it was, I remember making the journey back to my body. It was the exact same immeasurable distance, yet the time it took was very... well, there was no quick or slow about it. It just was. When I arrived back to my body, I snapped awake.  I immediately called my father who had been close friends with Pir Vilayat. My dad was very supportive and receptive, even happy that I had such a special dream.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,EMT-Bas,,single,single,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
2666,ME ,1431,28,,F,"It was a warm July evening in 2010. I had two 8month-old twin daughters at the time. I got an invitation for a dinner with friends and spent the evening with them. My husband was at home with the girls. I was walking home after the dinner. It was already dark and the city lights were on. I was walking on a deserted street alone when a car passed me. Young men were sitting in it, hearing loud music. I did not really pay attention to them and turned into another street, which was much darker. Suddenly a really strong invisible force hit me, and I staggered into a dark corner near a house. I almost fell, and was shocked. 2 seconds later the same car with the young men appeared in the street. This time they were driving very slowly as if they were looking for something/someone. They could not see me, as I was still in the dark corner of a house. They passed me again, this time the music was off. I realized later that they must have been looking for me. I struggled to get myself together in the corner where I was still crouching. I was shocked because it was clearly not me, who decided to hide in the corner. It was as if someone/something had hit me or shoved me there. I went home at last but I have not told anybody about this experience for a long time, not even my husband.     ",,Hungarian,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Human R,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2667,DEE,1510,15,,M,"I will try not to repeat myself (from above). I was shocked at first and I felt fear engulf and paralyze my body. Eventually, I composed myself (because the lighted Christ entity was not going away) and I decided I was not going to be fearful, so I looked up again and just experienced the vision in front of me for several minutes. I looked around into the night darkness, and saw two sources of light in front of me the campfire and the lighted Christ entity to the left of the fire ring. The camp fire seating was organized in a semi-circle (around the fire pit). I was seated in the middle on the first row between two female friends. I eventually asked one of them if they saw anything. She said no.     ",,Resident,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,None. I,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2668,DEE,1486,24,,M,I found myself moving in a tunnel with the walls looking like lumpy dark clouds. I saw a light up ahead. Suddenly the light engulfed me with a complete feeling of total love.    ,,Citizen o,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2669,ME ,1387,36,,F,"I was always pulled out of my drunken stupor of the emotional type when I saw the TV screen doing that. It shocked me, I didnt understand what was wrong with the TV. I was never on drugs or alcohol I dont experiment with that stuff. The TV would only go back to regular viewing status if we turned it off and back on again. G did not care one iota about what happened with that TV. But I have always wondered what it was because I have never heard anyone ever talk about it happening to them. Yet it happened to me under these very specific conditions around 6 or 7, maybe 8 times.    ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Mail/Co,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2670,ME ,1270,29,,F,"In 1974 I was 29 years of age. (I am now 67 years of age.) I was feeling pretty despondent at that time, having spent four years trying to make a living as a visual fine artist in Manhattan but not succeeding. Not knowing how else to support myself, I enlisted in the Army. But as the day of my enlistment grew near, I was becoming increasingly anxious and fearful. I was a free spirit and knew I would hate losing my freedom and someone else telling me what to do. But if I didnt go, I didnt know how else to take care of myself. I did not want to go back to secretarial work, not after I fell in love with art. I was stuck in a tight spot.  Three days before the big day, I was sitting on my hotel bed. I had given up my apartment in Little Italy and took a room for 3 months in a midtown Manhattan hotel. I was just staring out into my room, not knowing which way to turn. It was daytime. With the suddenness of a light switch just turned on, a brilliant white, round glow with a more brilliant Christian cross embedded in the middle of the glow appeared before my eyes. The vision was suspended in mid air. The glow and cross were about ten inches tall and sat about eight feet in front of me, a little lower than my eye level. The light that emanated from the glow was contained. There werent any rays coming from it. The whole cross fit totally within the glow. The cross was a plain, elegant cross with no detail. The ends of the narrow vertical and horizontal bars were cut straight across. (This vision was entirely visual. I didnt feel, smell or hear anything.) Although the glow and cross were as intensely bright as a flame, I stared easily into it. I wasnt afraid by its presence or doubted what was before my eyes. I never said to myself, What is this? or Why is a Christian cross coming to me? I\xe2\x80\x99m Jewish. Actually, my mind was blank, without any thoughts. But I was transfixed by this sight, spiritually locked into it. I was aware that the glow and cross were calming me down, making me feel peaceful and serene. I think I was staring at it for a short period of time, maybe 15 minutes.  I remember how the glow and cross came on but I dont remember how it went away. After staring at it, I think I put my head down on a pillow and went to sleep. But the strange thing is that when I awoke, not only wasnt the vision still there but I didnt even remember that I saw it. Actually, I didnt remember this event until 30 years later, when I was sitting in my car experiencing my epiphany, which I talked about in my February 23 submission to you. Looking back at that time, the glow and cross did not tell me if I should go into the Army or not. What this vision did was to calm me down, relax me and relieve me of a paralyzing anxiety which was keeping me from seeing clearly and making the right decision for myself. Relaxed and clear thinking, I made the easy decision to withdraw from my Army enlistment. I went to the Army base and explained how I felt. The female officer there agreed and gave me an honorable discharge.      ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Visual,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2671,OBE,1524,21,,F,So I was sitting upright and looking at the end of the bed where I felt a presence not one person but a group of people. I actually could not see these people they did not reveal themselves. I saw an outline like an aura white and thin foggy. Someone said to me telepathically come over. I hesitated scared I remember and said Im not ready. Then snap I was lying down again and opened my eyes. The room was exactly how I saw it through them closed other than the beings were gone. I felt like I knew these people intimately more than the people I know in this world even though I couldnt see them I sensed they were close to me like family like my real family. I felt I could trust them but that I hadnt completed my purposes on earth yet. I was in effect asking for more time. So it seemed in the ensuing days that followed I made a conscious effort to stop satisfying myself and helping others.    ,,New Zeala,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,moder,"50,000 99",maste,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2672,ADC,1114,50,,F,"Im not sure how to classify this experience, but I was in my bed at the end of the day, with my husband beginning to fall asleep beside me, reading an article in a Church magazine. The article grabbed my interest because of its unusual title relating to grief and how those who have passed on are affected by their loved ones grieving for them. I told my husband that he should read the article because it was so unusual, but he said he would read it in the morning. He never did. Within a couple of weeks, he had a motorcycle accident and was killed instantly. After his funeral, I went find the magazine to re-read the article for comfort, but the article was not in the issue I was sure it was in. I looked through many months of the magazine, but was never able to find the article. I have not been able to find a complete message like the one I read that night in any article in any magazine since, however I have found in other publications similar lessons about those who have passed on.    ",,citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Homemak,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2673,ADC,1094,53,,F,"I answered the door to Moms house, and she came in. Then Dad appeared behind her to come in. I said You cant be here, youre dead. He said he had to give me one more hug and let me know he was OK. Then he gave me the hug, told me not to worry about him, and left. He was happy smiling, relaxed. About two nights later almost the same dream, but this time he said he knew I was ok, and I should know he was Ok. I awoke with a feeling of complete calm. It may be terrible to say, but I am not upset about Dad being dead. He let me know that I will be ok and that dieing is not the end. I loved and greatly respected my father. He was 79, but in great shape had been golfing the Monday before he died. Died of heart attack after returning from filling Moms car up with gas. Found in seat of car by condo manager within minutes of parking. EMS directly across the road were there within about two minutes. The one man said Dad was in no pain. Peaceful look on his face. Now I know why.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Worked,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2674,DEE,1189,59,,F,I felt safe and love. Heard nothing just time stood still. I had never seen the girl in my life and didnt know anyone in the area. It has been 5 1/2 years and God is good.    ,,American,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Employe,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2675,ADC,1226,40,,F,    ,,United St,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2676,ME ,1027,29,,F,The voice was so deep and firm. There was no questioning or denying what I experienced. I was to hear that voice 2 more times in later years.    ,,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2677,DEE,1298,41,,F,"I woke up and told my husband I needed to go to my sons grave, he assured me everything was fine and that he would drive me down to the cemetary early in the morning. I lied awake all night waiting for morning to come, finally we got to the cemetary and I couldnt believe my eyes!  The cemetary workers had dug a grave next to my sons grave, but it was so close to his that you could almost see my sons coffin, it was as if the body that was being buried there was practically in the same grave. Seeing the depth of the grave and how close it was to my sons was unbelievable just like in my dream accept to the side of my sons grave. My sons flowers and things were thrown further up away from his grave, I was furious, that my son was being disturbed.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Self-Em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2678,DEE,1101,54,,F,"In the evening on Friday, after seeing my mother, I went to a small party I promised I would attend. I left the party at 9:30 and came home. As I was getting ready to go to bed, the light was on in my room, and in the outside hallway. My husband was standing on the other side of the bed, and I was planning my day in my head about which florist I would buy the flowers from. Out of the blue- and this is very difficult to describe-there was a presence that looked like the jet stream that comes from a squid. It looked powdery, or liquid, or smokey and was black, and it shot past the door, which had reflected light on it from the hallway. At the very same instant, a voice said to me, you need to let go, your mother is going to die tonight. I was stunned and turned around and put my hands to my face. What was most amazing was the authority that I could hear, but there was no audible voice. The command and presence of this visitor inspired my respect, but I felt its compassion. I tried to understand if it was male or female, and have often thought it might be male, but young. The next morning at 7:00, the board and care contacted me. My mom had died during the night.     ",,U.S. Citi,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,avera,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Adminis,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All distressing,adult
2679,DEE,1261,24,,F,"Earlier in the evening, I was very lonely as my new husband was gone a lot. I had only been married about 6 months, and I was beginning to realize that perhaps I had made a mistake marrying this man...that he wasnt all that in love with me. A few days earlier, I had said a prayer and asked if this was all there was to marriage and asked for help from God even though I want sure if there really was a God.  A few days later, I was asleep next to my husband. And I felt like I was having a dream with this bright light appearing. It was the brightest light I had ever seen...almost a piercing blue white light. I opened my eyes and realized this was not a dream at all! I looked into my closest where the doors were open and out of the left back side of the closest, the light radiated from. I wasnt scared...actually it was quite comforting. I quickly woke my husband up. He couldnt believe what he was seeing either. I kept saying, what is it? Is this real or are we imaging it. We both just sat there for about a minute staring at the light. Again, it was the brightest light I had ever seen but, the light didnt radiate throughout the room but stayed concentrated in the closest. After it disappeared, I just continued to sit up in bed trying to figure out what had just happened. Then, out of the blue, I began speaking in a language that I had never heard. My husband heard me, and thought I was going crazy. I had no idea what was happening. It wasnt scary....just really weird. This continued non stop for about 3 hours until I was completely exhausted and went to sleep at about 6am that am. When I woke up, I was completely perplexed as to what just happened to me. I decided I needed to go talk to someone about this so I went and visited with my priest at the Episcopal church at the time. He tried to explain it but, I was still perplexed as I had never heard of speaking I tongues, nor had I asked to have that given to me. To this day, I can still speak In tongues though I rarely do.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales f,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2680,ME ,1270,29,,F,"In 1974 I was 29 years of age. (I am now 67 years of age.) I was feeling pretty despondent at that time, having spent four years trying to make a living as a visual fine artist in Manhattan but not succeeding. Not knowing how else to support myself, I enlisted in the Army. But as the day of my enlistment grew near, I was becoming increasingly anxious and fearful. I was a free spirit and knew I would hate losing my freedom and someone else telling me what to do. But if I didnt go, I didnt know how else to take care of myself. I did not want to go back to secretarial work, not after I fell in love with art. I was stuck in a tight spot.  Three days before the big day, I was sitting on my hotel bed. I had given up my apartment in Little Italy and took a room for 3 months in a midtown Manhattan hotel. I was just staring out into my room, not knowing which way to turn. It was daytime. With the suddenness of a light switch just turned on, a brilliant white, round glow with a more brilliant Christian cross embedded in the middle of the glow appeared before my eyes. The vision was suspended in mid air. The glow and cross were about ten inches tall and sat about eight feet in front of me, a little lower than my eye level. The light that emanated from the glow was contained. There werent any rays coming from it. The whole cross fit totally within the glow. The cross was a plain, elegant cross with no detail. The ends of the narrow vertical and horizontal bars were cut straight across. (This vision was entirely visual. I didnt feel, smell or hear anything.) Although the glow and cross were as intensely bright as a flame, I stared easily into it. I wasnt afraid by its presence or doubted what was before my eyes. I never said to myself, What is this? or Why is a Christian cross coming to me? I\xe2\x80\x99m Jewish. Actually, my mind was blank, without any thoughts. But I was transfixed by this sight, spiritually locked into it. I was aware that the glow and cross were calming me down, making me feel peaceful and serene. I think I was staring at it for a short period of time, maybe 15 minutes.  I remember how the glow and cross came on but I dont remember how it went away. After staring at it, I think I put my head down on a pillow and went to sleep. But the strange thing is that when I awoke, not only wasnt the vision still there but I didnt even remember that I saw it. Actually, I didnt remember this event until 30 years later, when I was sitting in my car experiencing my epiphany, which I talked about in my February 23 submission to you. Looking back at that time, the glow and cross did not tell me if I should go into the Army or not. What this vision did was to calm me down, relax me and relieve me of a paralyzing anxiety which was keeping me from seeing clearly and making the right decision for myself. Relaxed and clear thinking, I made the easy decision to withdraw from my Army enlistment. I went to the Army base and explained how I felt. The female officer there agreed and gave me an honorable discharge.      ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Visual,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2681,ADC,1244,22,,F,At the time it happened I did not attribute a lot to it as I was young and not particularly interested in religion or spirituality. Now I think it was a beautiful gift from a dad who loved me in the best way he knew how.    ,,US Citize,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,moder,very st,"0 24,999",some,Secreta,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2682,ADC,1187,43,,F,"One night after Cloy\xe2\x80\x99s funeral I was lying in my bed in the middle of the night unable to sleep. I was experiencing incredible deep agonizing emotional pain. I had left a church that I knew wasn\xe2\x80\x99t true and I had been ostracized by family and friends for doing so. I was divorced and felt so alone in the world as a single mother. I was curled up in a ball, hugging my knees closely to my chest. I always shook when I cried. It was as if something was trying to shake loose inside of me to finally be free, but it couldn\xe2\x80\x99t quite make its way out, and so I was strangling, squirming for spiritual air. I cried and trembled. Suddenly something other-wordly occurred. I saw Cloy at the end of the hallway. She came towards me into my room. I recognized her because of her outer form. I say outer form because she was translucent, yet color filled, if that makes any sense. I could see through her, yet I could recognize completely that it was her. As she came towards me I said in exclamation, Cloy!\xe2\x80\x9d  It is difficult to describe what happened after that because words cannot describe what occurred next. There simply are no words on this planet for it. All that I can say is that Cloy somehow filled me with what she feels wherever she now is. Suddenly I felt as if someone had placed a needle about two to three inches long in each and every pore over my entire body, starting at the top of my head and ending with the bottom of my toes. The needles had something in them that was the essence of pure unadulterated ecstasy. It was a joy that I have never felt in this earthly existence, and I am certain that it does not exist at the earthly level of vibrational being. The needles tingled full of warm bubbly unconditional love. It was Christmas and Valentines and Halloween all in one. It was chocolate kisses and truffles and the sweet nectar of watercress fresh out of the mountain spring. It was children\xe2\x80\x99s laughter and hugs and unity squared. I was in a state of complete euphoria and exultation that I have never before or since experienced. I was involuntarily smiling from ear to ear. I could feel myself smiling, but it was not me doing it. Seconds before I had been in utter agony. Now, I was so overcome with happiness, that the smile on my face felt permanent. I thought to myself, \xe2\x80\x9cI am not smiling I am being smiled!\xe2\x80\x9d  I lay in the midst of this pleasure and rapture as the needles continued to tingle and pour warm, pure, syrupy, liquid affection into my veins. The veins carried it swiftly to my major organs and I breathed tender compassion. My blood became a river of sweet adulation. I then realized that if there were a drug that could reproduce that feeling \xe2\x80\x93 I\xe2\x80\x99d be on it twenty-four-seven. As a social worker dealing with methamphetamine users, I had wondered why in the world these people would take drugs and lose everything for it. Instantaneously I knew the answer. I mean, if it feels anything like what I felt that night, I can understand why someone would sell their soul for it. I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that this feeling was ethereal from another realm. I could only guess that Cloy was aware of my secret agony and she was giving me the ecstatic feeling that is constantly present wherever she is to assuage my pain. The message of the feeling was one of (and it\xe2\x80\x99s difficult for me to say this in words because it was conveyed to me beyond words \xe2\x80\x93 it was communicated soul to soul, mind to mind \xe2\x80\x93 words just cheapen it, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t know how else to describe it except with words) \xe2\x80\x9cJane, you are loved unconditionally and you are OK just the way you are. The apostles aren\xe2\x80\x99t right. The church isn\xe2\x80\x99t right. There is no right. There is no duality. Love, love, love. You are love and you are loved. There is only love.\xe2\x80\x9d   I closed my eyes and luxuriated in the heavenly tingling. Eventually it subsided. The needles slowly pulled out of my body, starting at the top of my head and finally leaving altogether through the ends of my toes. I am thankful to Cloy for showing me such support and joy.      ",,Citizen o,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Social,,divor,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2683,ADC,1051,63,,M,"(See above). Three days after this experience, many of our extended family came to our house for support and to trade stories about Darrell. Before Darrells favorite niece, jessica, left for home, I told of the story of what had happened just after she had died. She went home and called me an hour later. She had just Googled the words the peace of God which passeth all understanding and found that it came from Pauls firts letter to the Phillipeans. There was a blog with entries from people who had commented about this phrase, basically how they had found so much comfort from them. The first blog was from someone named Darrell.    ",,US citize,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,Consult,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2684,DEE,1441,31,,F,see above.    ,,us    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",colle,embroid,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2685,DEE,1467,46,,M,"I had a sudden, totally overwhelming feeling of being loved. It was so intense it was unbearable. It came with a message (unspoken) with 3 simultaneously delivered components This is how much you are loved You have always been loved thus, and will always be It doesnt matter what you do, you will always be loved this way.  I think the whole event lasted maybe half a second in real time I immediately burst into tears, and cried for about half an hour, crying I think because I had ever doubted that this was so, and that I had been completely unaware of this love. Rather like a lost child being reunited with a loving parent.    ",,british a,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,moder,none,"0 24,999",maste,enginee,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2686,NDE,1088,40,,F,"I was out of body, going up...I was in a pretty place like in the sky, in clouds...I was moving toward a bus in the sky and I was supposed to get on it. I believe there was soothing music I was heading toward the bus I was conscious of myself...and I wanted to go...I was losing knowledge of my life here on earth...I was almost to the bus and I wanted to go with it. Then I heard my name being called far far away...and I had to make a decision to go to the bus or go home or back down...then I knew it was not my time for the bus. Next then I know I could hear louder and louder and I was smelling smelling salt. I was awake and scared.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Technic,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2687,NDE,1162,16,,F,I felt peaceful beyond peaceful. I saw beauty beyond beauty. I heard singing and music so exquisite that I can not describe them. That has been my problem-there are no words to describe.    ,,USA    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,none,,single,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
2688,ADC,1291,41,,F,"I sat up in bed and saw my father who was before me with his arms crossed on his chest. He didnt look old (he died at63) he didnt look young, is looked ageless..His skin had a very different glow that I cannot explain. It wasnt pink,it was a skin color Ive had never seen before. He seemed very peaceful and said to me  Dont worry about me, Ive never been happier and was gone. I felt this incredibly strong feeling that he was so calm, peaceful and fulfilled. Not his nature. I felt that he needed to comfort me and all these years later, I still see his face, and feel the comfort and peace. I think of that experience often when I pray because I know he came to me to assure me that he was with the Lord.Ive learned not to be afraid of death. My mother was a daily communicant but I never saw or dreamt of her. I was sure she would be with the Lord but not sure at all about my father.    ",,American,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Nationa,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2689,ADC,1087,34,,F,I woke up at 5:30 am. My grandmother was standing at the foot of my bed. She had a light within her as if to glow. She wore a nighty as I had recalled seeing her wear in the past. Her face looked as i had remembered her as a healthy older person but before her decline into dementia that eventually reduced her to the size of a child. She was smiling and did not say a word. I was crying but felt peaceful at the same time. This is the greatest gift my grandmother ever gave me. It comforted me then and does even moreso as my life experience continues. I only share with those who I sense will understand and may be open to it.    ,,Canadian/,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Project,,separ,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2690,ADC,1544,59,,F,see above    ,,US    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",docto,Technic,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2691,OBE,1254,42,,F,"I was listening to a Coldplay album on my iPod and looking out the window of the plane, relaxing &amp; enjoying the flight. I wasnt paying particular attention to anything and was letting my mind wander when I gradually realized that I was flying, not flying in the airplane, but flying alongside the airplane. It was a wonderful feeling, like the flying dreams that I used to have as a child. The difference was that in my childhood dreams, my body was flying and...and I was asleep. When I was on the airplane, I wasnt sleeping. What happened was that I was listening to the music and then I became aware that I was flying in spirit. That is to say, I saw my body sitting in the airplane but *I* was outside the cabin, in the air just beyond my window. I saw myself there but I wasnt afraid. The whole experience was beautiful. I could feel myself soaring. The freedom and the peace that I felt was amazing. When I first realized what was happening, I just enjoyed it but then,unfortunately, I tried to control it. I wanted to see if I could go up or down and the moment I started thinking, the experience was over and I was back in my body, sitting in the airplane, looking at the clouds outside my window. I stopped the iPod and started the playlist over &amp; over, hoping that if some notes had triggered something, that it would happen again, but nothing further happened.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,founder,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2692,ADC,1408,49,,M,"I was drifting off to sleep, somewhat melancholy, because I had been thinking of my brother, who passed away in 1994. He was my younger brother. My wife was out of town, taking care of her terminally ill mother in her final days. It was a time of sadness and raw emotion. As I lay in bed, finally relaxing and beginning to drift towards sleep, I felt a presence fill the room. An overwhelming feeling of love filled me. It was love in a fullness like I had never experienced. At the same time, the room seemed to fill with a fragrance that was undeniably my father. It was the smell of his clean, fresh laundered shirts. It was the fragrance that I most associated with him. This feeling went on for a period of time, but I dont know how much time elapsed. It did not just come and go though, it persisted long enough for me to realize that I was experiencing something very special.    ",,U.S. Citi,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Systems,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2693,ME ,1074,49,,F,"i could hear her in my mind and feel her in the breeze the earth the sun part of the trees wispering to me. Understanding not hearing that she was here with me in me part of all of me and the cosmos in all things and in one felled swoop I understood the meaning God is everywhere, omnipotent,  I got it ! I felt a comprehension a connection that all is one. This is really the third time this has happened . Always in conjunction with nature no drugs or alcohol etc. I felt euphoric my grief changed in a sense and I felt my Mothers Joy!! I new she was happy and with her beloved Jesus. She had unwavering faith. I was awed again and knew that like birth, death is a miracle, the same as coming is the passage of going a miracle!    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Commerc,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2694,ME ,1550,62,,F,    ,,Canadian,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,yoga te,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
2695,ME ,1190,54,,F,I felt liquid fire at the top of my head which dripped all the way downward to my chest    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Adminis,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2696,NDA,1461,14,,F,"I had an experience of feeling like I was suspended in nothing-ness. I had noe desire or need to breath . My experience was of feeling extremely peaceful and happy. My awareness was of being in a place like the night sky. It was very dark but there were twinkling lights like stars. I could hear beautiful harp like music.There was a presence there I felt was God. I spoke to God but not in words, just thoughts.I had no concern for myself, I was perfectly ok but I distinctly remember saying, Please God dont do this to my mother. She wont cope. She has just lost her mother. I then remember being pulled out of the water.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,High sc,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2697,ADC,1466,36,,F,the above description pretty well sums it all up.    ,,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,I owned,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2698,ME ,1207,12,,M,"when i was given the anesthetic (mask), i immediately was out of it. what i saw and experienced was other worldly. i heard a musical vibrating sound (like a tuning fork) and music that i had never heard before or since. it was very melodic and somehow familiar, but not from this world. and i saw a spinning light that would seem to dart off in a direction when i would feel pain (probably from the procedure). the experience was very strange. nothing that has ever happened to me before or since compares to it.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"50,000 99",colle,student,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2699,OBE,1469,25,,F,"Suddenly I was outside my body. I seemed to be very small as I watched what was happening to me. I knew I was dying, or would die if he didnt stop. I prayed, Please, God. Dont let me die. I have two little boys who need me. I heard clearly, Use kung foo. My body became ridged and I put my arms straight up. My elbows locked and no matter how hard he tried to break them down they were locked in place. He could no longer reach my head. Once he realized he couldnt hurt me any more he sat back on his heels kind of dazed.    ",,Natural c,"251,00",agnostic,agnostic,Other,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Bank te,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2700,ME ,1220,8,,F,"I stared into my own eyes in the mirror, asking, Who am I, really? After a few minutes of staring, a voice answered, I am the one who looks out from behind your eyes.    ",,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,n/a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2701,ME ,1122,23,,M,"When I began to read the bible, not much made sense, but as I came to the 14th verse I instantly knew before I read the verse that this was my answer. As I began to read each word it was though heaven opened up. All I could say was yes...as the words came part of my being...I have written to you, young men, Because you are strong, and the word of God lives in you, and you have overcome the evil one. A river of unconditional love began to flow through the top of my head and completely washed into my body. I began to cry for joy. It was so holy and so far beyond my human conception that I felt I was going to die because it was just to holy to bare. I instantly understood that I was a child of God, completely loved and accepted. No longer was God some idea up in heaven, but was part of me. I also felt as though God had always been with me and it was I who was not searching. I was now completely free as though released from a prison and now my life is beginning. I had no more fear of death and knew that God really existed and there is an afterlife. And that the God who I grew up with was not judgmental but all loving.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2702,OBE,1092,24,,F,"Peace... like no other. If you tried to worry you just would not be able too. I was aware I was me, and I was ok with that.    ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Telepho,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2703,OBE,1038,15,,F,"I heard nothing, I just knew that if I wanted too, I could float away. I thought at first it was a dream, but knew it was more than that. I looked at it as a sign. I was going to make it home safe.    ",,Citizen o,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,none,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2704,NDE,1398,32,,F,"I remember a feeling of being sucked out of my body, sort of like separating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich with all the stickiness and resistance. After I was completely separated I was observing from above as they were performing CPR and attaining IV access. The doctor put my body in Trudelenburg position. At this point, my attention is drawn away by a feeling that someone was calling me. My attention became focused on this sparkling light, I want to call it a warm glowing light but it is hard to describe because the physical sensation of warmth was not really present. As soon as I acknowledged this light, I was just in it. There were these rainbow orbs that spoke to me and there were people there in what I was communicated to be a sort of holding room. I didnt see anything other than people and orbs in this room that went on for what seemed like an eternity without walls or ceiling. Soon after, I remember laughing but not laughing like in a physical sense, but, in any case, laughing with the people in the room. It was like I ran into old friends and we just picked right back where we left off type of feeling. I dont really have a sense of time of how long I was there but I was guided to another location and there was a woman there who said that I was going to be experiencing what I termed a rewrite. This is so hard to put into words but she communicated to me that a different course was available to me if I so chose to follow it. I felt like everything was more real than anything I had ever experienced, so alive, so intelligent, so revealed. The woman was near a mountain, at the base of it in a vivacious green meadow. We sat for a while but I cannot put into words the things I learned, I dont even remember what I had learned until I come across events in my life that trigger the knowledge that was given to me. I know it sounds strange but it makes sense to me. I was given a choice. You can stay or you can go back. I remember asking questions, like, go back where? And as soon as I asked that question, I knew where. I dont think the complete question even came forth before the answer was already being revealed. This is when I could hear conversations going on. I could hear the people in my ICU room. Complete conversations. I became saddened and wanted to see but I was informed that I had to choose first. I heard my son crying, begging me to open my eyes. My attention went to the woman, her eyes were crystal clear pale blue eyes and she had long dark hair, dressed in a sort of plain creamy colored garb. She never spoke sound words, it was telepathic thoughts. She revealed different life traumas I had experienced up to that point; I was wondering why only the traumas and not the good times, and just as I had that thought the answer was that it serves a purpose and that purpose comes to me at different times since my near death. I also heard my mothers prayers and the prayers of others pleading for my health and wellness. I recall leaving the woman in the field and I just seemed to float away...into space...and it felt as if though I had rushed millions maybe even billions of miles away in seconds. I seen these other worlds and other peoples only to be drawn back in a flash to the holding room. It was time for me to decide and it seemed urgent; will I accept the rewrite or stay where I was; there was no right or wrong choice. Only my choice. I longed for my children, knowing that things would be very different in a bad way if I chose to stay. I was communicated that my road to recovery would be hard at first, but would get easier as time went by. It was hard for me to conceive how this time would be if I returned. I felt drawn back and chose to go back all the while knowing it was going to be difficult. As soon as I made the choice, the people in the holding room became ecstatic and exuberant and I thought this was the strangest occurrence of the whole ordeal. I all of a sudden felt the most unbearable discomfort, my body. I tried to open my eyes and couldnt, I felt the loudness of my heart beating at an unthinkable speed, I immediately came back out of my body and hovered over it for a moment before entering again. The next thing I remember is the nurses and doctor in the ICU room asking me to stay calm because I was connected to a ventilator. My hands were secured to restraints. I couldnt focus my eyes when I first came back, I had been in a coma for 9 days. I had apparently became septic after surgery and went into septic shock. On entering the ICU on July 1, 2002, I slipped into a coma, they intubated me, and there I lay dying until July 9th, my daughters birthday. A few hours had passed and I kept seeing people that the nurses said were not there and experiencing odd things like seeing fish swimming in the air. I know what I had experienced was real and som",,Citizen,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Custome,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2705,NDA,1565,70,,M,"I was out of my body, looking down on Jesus Christ carrying my physical body in his arms which appeared to be as light as a feather. As Jesus walked through clouds, I could see fireworks going off all around us. I was telepathically told these were prayers and I could feel the energy from them. I could feel unconditional love, comfort, and somehow I knew that I would be okay.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",Junio,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2706,ADC,1384,62,,F,"It was actually a communication with my dad who had passed a month earlier. He had alzheimers and was living a nightmare existence...feeling like he was in a house with strangers, and my mom, who was depressed and angry had no patience with him. I prayed that God would take him, and within a week he was dead. This was an ernest, heartfelt prayer.  I saw him in a dream, even though it seemed more real than a dream. I was suddenly in this beautiful place, like a picnic area. My dad was sitting with his back to me...looking like he did just before he died. I even noticed the curve in his spine that was so prominent due to age scoleosis. Suddenly, he got up, turned and he was around 30..incredibly young and handsome. I was taken back at his beautiful clear blue eyes, and his perfect skin.  He asked me how things were before he left. I told him it was awful, and that he had alzheimers and things be so very difficult for him and mom. Suddenly, he bent over and fluffed the hair on the top of my head, like he did when I was a little girl, and said Dont worry, Hon, things will be alright. I will never forget this dream...    ",,Citizen,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Library,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2707,OBE,1531,30,,F,"I must first start out by explaining that I have had OBEs my entire life, beginning when I was about 9 or 10 years old. It was at this age that I began watching tv programs about people being visited by their guardian angels, or other such spirits, who had saved their lives, or sent these people messages of some monumental significance.  I was very much affected by these programs and began praying to god, or to whoever was listening to me, for some sign of the \xe2\x80\x98other side,\xe2\x80\x99 because I knew deep inside that there was more to life and I wanted to experience it firsthand as these other people did. I prayed every day obsessively and even created my own Ouija board out of paper and a ring, thinking I could make some sort of connection. The ring did eventually move, to my astonishment, but it was just my own energy that I was becoming aware of. So I began to feel my own energy throughout my body, as I do to this day, although for some time I believed it was a spirit taking over my body because it felt so foreign at the time, and as a young child I just didn\xe2\x80\x99t know any better.  Shortly after being aware of my own energy I began to feel my energy leave my body at night when I was falling asleep.  It was incredibly startling and disturbing, as it would jolt me awake, just as I was beginning to fall asleep. As I would awaken my energy would immediately slam back into my body. As a child I thought this was the devil taking my soul away, and I used to cry and pray to god at night. This happened all the time, and it was very frightening, and there was no one I could tell because I knew I would sound crazy. One night when I was crying and praying, I suddenly felt \xe2\x80\x93and had the image of- someone kissing my cheek. I felt the energy touch my face and sink into my skin- and then I felt an immense, overwhelming wave of intense love encompass my entire body, and I knew in my soul that I was loved and taken care of, that I was perfectly safe. I was in complete shock, and my tears turned to tears of joy- someone had responded to my prayers! I knew I was going to be ok! Somehow whatever was happening to me at night was not as horrible as I thought it was\xe2\x80\xa6and so I let it happen, knowing I was protected. I was so stunned by what happened-I had truly made a connection, the connection I had been yearning for. I knew there was more to this life, I knew there was nothing to fear, that someone or something was looking out for me. My fear of evil dissipated. I got used to feeling my energy leave my body at night, and it became a familiar sensation. Years later I would meet a friend in high school who would explain me that what I was experiencing was astral projection, and I would read books on the subject, as well as on many other metaphysical topics. As a teenager I would meditate and consciously expand my awareness, teaching myself to experience that profound love again and again, I would see auras, and have many other eye-opening spiritual experiences.  Throughout the years I have experienced OBEs in my dreams quite often, where I am flying around outside, in my house, out in space, all over the place. It is a fabulous feeling. I have not been able to consciously leave my body, though-only in dreams. As an adult I am very spiritual but I do not believe in any one religion or doctrine, nor in any god, heaven or hell, or in evil. I believe in my experiences, and in a profound and universal love that we are all a part of, not separate from, because of what I have felt and witnessed in my lifetime over and over again. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when I was 20 yrs old, and I was on lithium for 10 years when we come to the present time when this story unfolds, in July of 2013. There are many other events surrounding my experience I am to speak of, which are important to mention. At the time I most likely had lithium toxicity, as I was physically sick and severely confused, and my body was in convulsions for what seemed like weeks. I couldn\xe2\x80\x99t eat very well on my own due to the spasms and it took me an immense amount of time to get dressed and perform normal tasks due to the uncontrollable spasms caused by lithium toxicity. I never knew what day it was it was or what had even happened the day before. I was in bad shape. At the same time I was also malnourished for reasons I can only speculate onmy boyfriend had recently broken up with me so I had fallen into a deep depression, I was hardly eating, forgetting to take my meds, and hardly sleeping. I most likely was suffering from a mental breakdown. I was 89 pounds, which was also caused by the fact that I was on adderall- I had already been underweight, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t know how in the world I had lost 10 pounds so quickly. My brain was so fuzzy during that time period, s",,U.S. Citi,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",Some,Medical,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2708,NDA,1380,59,,F,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,    Q.,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2709,ADC,1466,36,,F,the above description pretty well sums it all up.    ,,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,I owned,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2710,ME ,1475,41,,F,"I left the group and went out of the room and stood outside. I looked at my hands and expected to see them glowing for the electricity I had felt during the ritual. However I was surprised that they were not glowing. Within the next second I knew that everything I looked at, the trees, the leaves, the stars the wooden platform I stood upon, everything WAS ME. I was everything around me I was part of it all, all of creation was also me. It lasted just several seconds and then it was over. However it has never left me. I know now that I am and always have been part of all creation and everything is actually ONE THING.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Worked,,marri,separ,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2711,ME ,1240,40,,M,"Please see previous answers. I learned that God is real, more so than this world. He loves us. Our existence is actually spiritual. He knows what we are thinking. If people realized how loving He is, no one would be afraid of dying. Also, it is extremely important, while we are here in this world, to release our brothers and sisters from our judgement (to forgive them) and to replace our judgement with unqualified love.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Life In,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2712,DEE,1515,4,,F,"I think I learned that the life i was living there, at that time, was not permanent. I developed ways to cope with my Moms constant anger etc. I somehow knew that i would find love and that my life would get better. It was very very difficult to survive and develop my own internal support system.    ",,citizen U,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I was a,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2713,NDE,1324,42,,F,"While unconscious, I was in a greyish muddy area and I was looking out over a lake or a pond or a sea of this greyish muddy stuff and there were these peoples heads bobbing out of the mud. I didnt recognize anyone as they were covered with this muck. It was very unnerving.    ",,citizen o,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,nurse,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
2714,ADC,1409,39,,F,"I looked to my right and saw Bob standing there looking just as he always had except that he looked very happy. He looked happier than I had ever seen him in the 13 years we were together. Maybe contented is a better description. We had a conversation. I know we did. But I cant recall a single word. As soon as it was over, I couldnt remember what he said or why he came. All I remember clearly is his smile. What I had thought was a brilliant sun light coming through a window was actually a mist-like energy. He turned and walked into it, becoming part of it. The room returned to normal. I got frightened and wondered what I had just seen. I scooted down under the covers without coving my eyes. I was in total shock. It was real, but what was it? Was it a premonition? Was I supposed to take action? Then I remembered his smile and decided action wasnt necessary. I didnt know what to do but try to forget it and go on. As far as I knew, Bob was fine and living across town.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Associa,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2715,ME ,1554,39,,M,I realized my nature isn&#180;t n the field of thoughts    ,,Spanish,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",post,Medical,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2716,OBE,1170,8,,F,"The most vivid one was that I was in my bedroom and I was going into my hallway when I realized what was happening, I immediately went back into my body. Also, there was a knocking sound at the head of my bed, near my head. , prior to me leaving    ",,Us citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",Some,N/a,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2717,SDE,1463,54,,F,"I was sitting there while she was sobbing and I was just thinking and seeing him spiritually, when I felt this over whelming calling of him to look at him, like a child learning to ride a bike for the first time, they are excited and are jumping up and down to get your attention. I looked because thought I should, and that is when it happened. I never saw him but followed where he wanted me to go. I never heard a word or saw any human or other form. He was beckoning me to follow and I was above beautiful pastures and then higher above a mountain with waterfalls, and it was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. I felt total joy, enthusiasm, peace, love, and I remember thinking, take me, I need this too, why cant I go too? The next thing I saw was the bluest most eternal sky ever and then there was a bright light and I could not go any further. When I was aware that I was back in the room, I was in shock from what had just happened, but the room was filled with a golden warm moving stream of light, that was fading. I started yelling to my friend who was sobbing in horrific grief, that he was in the light, cant you see the light? I got up and started shaking her violently and told her she had to remember this moment and what I was saying, that it was that important. The light kept swirling around us and dimming as it was leaving. I didnt want it to go, but it did.    ",,usa    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,custome,,divor,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2718,ME ,1504,45,,M," I was thinking over and over .  So, all I have to do is ask for help and you will help? After thinking about this for a few minutes . .. What happened is hard to explain . All I know is that I had closed my eyes and when I opened them all of the insanity was gone. The anger ,hatred for others ,resentment etc was completely gone. Everything I saw was somehow brighter and beautiful. Including the rusty mail box I was parked next to.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",High,Letter,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2719,ME ,1204,25,,M," I was so overcome by all of this and feeling so ecstatic that I thought I couldn`t take any more of it or I would burst. with an effort of will I brought myself back to earth ,so to speak. All this happened 40 years ago but it is unforgetable. I have tried many times to induce this experience since then but to no avail.    ",, U.K.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio, electr,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2720,NDE,1337,49,,F,"I was made fun of by my abusers the second time, they were flashing a white light towards me telling me to die and go to heaven. It was hard to distinguish this from being real or unreal. Fortunately where I was dying I was able to pull my body away from this. For the most part the time, 2nd episode, I was there but completely out of touch with my body. At times I could hear talking and knew what was going on. I was so out of touch with any element around me. In 1990, I could feel the sharpness of the knife and a very long tube that was forced down my throat and the horrible pain of the scratching. I couldnt seem to come out of the anesthesia and would have died if the doctor didnt yell to me. My head came up off the table and back down again at that time.    ",,United St,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Executi,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2721,ME ,1413,62,,F,"In March of 2011, I had a dream. A tall black shadow of a man pointed his long finger at me and said, \xe2\x80\x9cRead the 8th Psalm.\xe2\x80\x9d I questioned him, \xe2\x80\x9cYou mean the 6th Psalm? I know that one.\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cNo\xe2\x80\x9d, he declared emphatically, \xe2\x80\x9cRead the 8th Psalm, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget.\xe2\x80\x9d Then he handed me the head of a woman very delicate, small, eyes closed, black hair, soft skin. He told me to write her name on her cheek with a black felt tip pen. Her cheek was still warm as I carefully wrote the name he gave me, Rita Girofalo.\xe2\x80\x9d   What I learned is in #43    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Jewelry,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
2722,PLR,1026,42,,F,"I felt bigger than the Universe. I also had no perception of time. I felt as though I had been under for hours, when in fact the meditation would have only have been around 20 minutes.    ",,Australia,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,avera,very st,"50,000 99",some,Project,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2723,NDE,1024,65,,F,"I saw disturbing things at first, my sister having surgery which she did not survive this is only interesting because at the time I was having this event my sister was hospitalized in Tampa for a cardiac event too although I had no knowledge of this at all. She had an angio and had complications including bleeding and hematoma but she survived this. I did not mention to her for some months that I saw this in a dream and have never told her she did not survive it. I did see my mother during this STE and told her about it.    ",,US citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Junio,Medical,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
2724,ADC,1012,72,,F,see above    ,,citizen o,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High sc,Legal S,,married,widowed,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2725,ME ,1129,25,,M,See above.    ,,US citize,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,undec,none,"0 24,999",Some,Oh geez,,single,single,Yes,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2726,ME ,1481,42,,F,Please see earlier description. I learnt that there is a higher power and that i am spirit and not just a body. That i have a ego/personality side and a higher self which connected during the STE. That our reality is multidimensional and there are other dimensions apart from the 3rd dimension.    ,,Australia,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2727,ME ,1077,21,,M,I learned that saying prayers and intoning the sound om would switch on the sensation of non physical energetic radiation.    ,,Uk    Q.,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Buddhist,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Maths t,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2728,NDE,1171,30,,M,"I fed a hose from exhaust into car and viewed photos of my family as I lost consiousness. I felt an overwhelming comfort and saw a billowing woman in white who did not speak. She conveyed a thought to me that I understood completely. if you want to come on with me its ok. But, there are things that we need you to do. So, the decision is up to you..I opened my car door and tried to stand but fell hitting my face on the concrete at my home. (I still have a small scar as a reminder) My wife found me and took me to the ER. I was fine after a few days. ShE and our children were tested and did not have HIV. We divorced later that year but remain best friends today.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2729,DEE,1318,44,,F,I have a website that tells my entire story at http://www.starfish-story.com/    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Junio,Compute,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2730,ADC,1292,41,,F,"I saw only my father with nothing surrounding him but a color I cannot describe. At first, I felt nothing just surprise. Idont know if he was sitting, standing because I only saw him from the waist up. He was 63 when he died but he didnt look 63 nor did he look young. He looked ageless and his skin looked illuminated.He had the most beautiful color, I cant explain it. I had never seen his face so peaceful and happy. He was looking directly at me and said dont worry about me, Ive never been happier and then faded out.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,nationa,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2731,OBE,1238,34,,F,"Thank you very much for creating a space for these stories. I am very excited to tell mine. I am an artist and at the time I was transitioning from sculpture to painting. This extraordinary experience happened about thirty years ago.   One afternoon, before leaving for work, I decided to do a short meditation. I sat down on a carpet in my living room and assumed a meditation position. Moments after I closed my eyes, a clear blue window-like space appeared on the left side of the horizon. My conscious self became molecular, like a blip, or a tigle and I moved at the speed of light through the space. I first saw the edge of a sea. Beautiful sand edged the pristine waters which were gently rolling on to the shore. The area was completely clear of any vegetation or trees. I then found myself in the air, looking down at circular homes which were in a row. They were reminiscent of yurts or hogans. Then quick as a flash, I was inside, looking at a woman\xe2\x80\x99s back. She was tall, dressed in a black robe with crystals around her head. Telepathically I knew that she was a Priestess, a Healer. The Priestess was standing before an altar of some kind. Next, a small room emanating magenta light came into view. The room was translucent; the walls, ceiling, and floor emanated this gorgeous magenta light. Another room stood beside it, emanating a beautiful clear green light. Instantly I understood that these were healing rooms and that this civilization used color for healing and balancing the body.   I found myself outside, watching women and children playing on a hill. It was a bright sunny day and the children were laughing and chatting. On the hilltop there was a white stone post and lintel with three square colors atop the lintel. The colors were tints of the primary colors of red, yellow and blue. Every now and then a boy would run under the post and lintel to stand for a few moments. Then he would zip out to play again. I understood that this structure helped boys balance their chakra energy; it helped their energy flow without hindrance. Only the boys needed it; it was not necessary for the girls to do this.   Lastly, I found myself looking at the back of an old woman who was sitting on a bench. She was contemplating an exterior mosaic or mural that covered a long low wall. I approached this very colorful abstract wall. Soft sounds emanated from it as the colors moved and fused into each other. I knew that my gross ears could not hear the extraordinary beauty of the music that was created by the fusing colors. The wall was alive, changing into different configurations of beauty, much like a kaleidoscope. The old woman had created this beautiful wall and it was she who was responsible for bringing the concept of color healing into this civilization.      I re-entered my body with a great jerk and my eyes opened. I got up from my spot on the floor and went to work in a daze. There is no way for me to put into words how life changing this event has been. Seeing this beautiful world allowed me to understand the power and healing properties of color and sound. I continue to make art that will bring beauty and healing forces into our world.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Buddhist,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,artist,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2732,ME ,1243,34,,F,see attached document    ,,US citize,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,freelan,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2733,ME ,1548,30,,F,See answer above.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Unity,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",docto,Wife an,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2734,ME ,1424,52,,F,"I believed, but did not know God exists. Now, I am certain. I dreamed of information that I had no knowledge of, and thus, could not have come from my subconscious. Later, when frightful dread permeated my mind and body, a suffering that could crush a soul, as my husband underwent quadruple bypass surgery on October 8, 2012, the information provided Divine Comfort. I am reverently thankful to the Divine Comfort that I held on to during the terrifying hours. While I prayed, the dream where my husband said, Just for 2 &#189; hours, was with me, together with the faith that I will have him back, alive and well, after that. Many thanks, all-good and all-loving God, for embracing my husband, our family, and me, especially through the very difficult 2 &#189; hours.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",colle,Busines,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2735,DEE,1382,39,,F,"The voice that woke me was so pronounced and deliberate. Also,the waking was accompanied by a night sweat. But that was it...I also recall I had a vivid dream 2 weeks before this incident. The dream involved Damir. I had dreamt I was in a courtyard at a wedding with my 2 children and husband at the time. I had seen the devil lurking in the courtyard trying to hide and not be seen. I then said, In the name of God I command you to leave! and he turned and walked out through the gate. At that momeent, after he left, my friend Damir walked up to the entrance gate with arbor and walked in. Before Damir passed away, I conveyed the dream as well as the divine message I receieved 2 weeks after. He was dumbfounded.    ",,U.S.    Q,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Healthc,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2736,DEE,1155,46,,F,"How unfortunate that I did not have a cell phone to take a photo of that white board. What I would give today to see it again. Somedays I think it was not real, but then again I know I could call the hospital and find this girl again. She was real. Her name was real. And I have truly never heard the name before. The chances of someone with that name working with him are too astronomical for me to contemplate. Whenever I feel that I am alone, I just remember this amazing sign from God.    ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",colle,Server,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2737,NDE,1398,32,,F,"I remember a feeling of being sucked out of my body, sort of like separating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich with all the stickiness and resistance. After I was completely separated I was observing from above as they were performing CPR and attaining IV access. The doctor put my body in Trudelenburg position. At this point, my attention is drawn away by a feeling that someone was calling me. My attention became focused on this sparkling light, I want to call it a warm glowing light but it is hard to describe because the physical sensation of warmth was not really present. As soon as I acknowledged this light, I was just in it. There were these rainbow orbs that spoke to me and there were people there in what I was communicated to be a sort of holding room. I didnt see anything other than people and orbs in this room that went on for what seemed like an eternity without walls or ceiling. Soon after, I remember laughing but not laughing like in a physical sense, but, in any case, laughing with the people in the room. It was like I ran into old friends and we just picked right back where we left off type of feeling. I dont really have a sense of time of how long I was there but I was guided to another location and there was a woman there who said that I was going to be experiencing what I termed a rewrite. This is so hard to put into words but she communicated to me that a different course was available to me if I so chose to follow it. I felt like everything was more real than anything I had ever experienced, so alive, so intelligent, so revealed. The woman was near a mountain, at the base of it in a vivacious green meadow. We sat for a while but I cannot put into words the things I learned, I dont even remember what I had learned until I come across events in my life that trigger the knowledge that was given to me. I know it sounds strange but it makes sense to me. I was given a choice. You can stay or you can go back. I remember asking questions, like, go back where? And as soon as I asked that question, I knew where. I dont think the complete question even came forth before the answer was already being revealed. This is when I could hear conversations going on. I could hear the people in my ICU room. Complete conversations. I became saddened and wanted to see but I was informed that I had to choose first. I heard my son crying, begging me to open my eyes. My attention went to the woman, her eyes were crystal clear pale blue eyes and she had long dark hair, dressed in a sort of plain creamy colored garb. She never spoke sound words, it was telepathic thoughts. She revealed different life traumas I had experienced up to that point; I was wondering why only the traumas and not the good times, and just as I had that thought the answer was that it serves a purpose and that purpose comes to me at different times since my near death. I also heard my mothers prayers and the prayers of others pleading for my health and wellness. I recall leaving the woman in the field and I just seemed to float away...into space...and it felt as if though I had rushed millions maybe even billions of miles away in seconds. I seen these other worlds and other peoples only to be drawn back in a flash to the holding room. It was time for me to decide and it seemed urgent; will I accept the rewrite or stay where I was; there was no right or wrong choice. Only my choice. I longed for my children, knowing that things would be very different in a bad way if I chose to stay. I was communicated that my road to recovery would be hard at first, but would get easier as time went by. It was hard for me to conceive how this time would be if I returned. I felt drawn back and chose to go back all the while knowing it was going to be difficult. As soon as I made the choice, the people in the holding room became ecstatic and exuberant and I thought this was the strangest occurrence of the whole ordeal. I all of a sudden felt the most unbearable discomfort, my body. I tried to open my eyes and couldnt, I felt the loudness of my heart beating at an unthinkable speed, I immediately came back out of my body and hovered over it for a moment before entering again. The next thing I remember is the nurses and doctor in the ICU room asking me to stay calm because I was connected to a ventilator. My hands were secured to restraints. I couldnt focus my eyes when I first came back, I had been in a coma for 9 days. I had apparently became septic after surgery and went into septic shock. On entering the ICU on July 1, 2002, I slipped into a coma, they intubated me, and there I lay dying until July 9th, my daughters birthday. A few hours had passed and I kept seeing people that the nurses said were not there and experiencing odd things like seeing fish swimming in the air. I know what I had experienced was real and som",,Citizen,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Custome,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2738,DEE,1283,5,,F,"I was sitting in the bed and from the ceiling where the tile was missing came floating a figure. I immediately knew he was the man in the book at the doctor;s office (the blue bible story books with pictures). I felt instantly connected, fully accepted and total freedom of self. I loved him. As soon as he appeared he was looking at me in a very deliberate but loving way. He floated down to the foot of my bed. He was wearing a tunic that covered his feet. He had a sleeveless tunic over the top of a darker color. He had brown shoulder length hair. He looked just like the picture in the book where the little children were sitting in his lap and he was calling the other. In my room he also had a staff. He paused at the foot of my bed and looked directly at me. I felt with everything inside like nwords its going to be ok. His face was looking at me with the expression of one talking with very important but empathetic words, but he never really actually spoke words nor did his mouth move.When He moved, he did not really walk but moved at ta pace similar to a slow deliberate walk. He was semi-tranparant not really clear but I could alsmost see through him. I could see his features but not the color and detail as if he was an opaque human. I I was estatic that he was there. I felt totally loved, accepted and strangely connected to this man. Nothing in the whole worlds mattered but him at this moment. I did not stop to ponder his words but was happy. I wanted to dance with him. As he paused, I scrambled to get out of the bed. As I grabbed my slippers he headed for the door. I exclaimed, Wait I want to go with you. But he went through the door at that instant. I ran to the door and opened it, but he was gone.    ",,US Reside,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,1st gra,,single,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2739,ADC,1374,45,,F,"The guide got us to a certain level of depth during the meditation and asked who we saw there. Mt brother, who had been a quadriplegic from the age of 16 and in a vwheelchair, came up to me with open arms. He looked very different from how I knew him. He had dark curly hair and was wearing a crisp white linen shirt and slacks. He had a confident bearing and long stride. He took me into hisvarms and said you are forgiven and you are loved.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,avera,none,"50,000 99",colle,Respira,,separ,divor,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2740,ADC,1377,51,,M,This is the actual text message I sent Subject: Message from Mum Hi Lone Im just awake and have just finished relaying to Sue a dream I have just finished having about an hour ago. This was unlike ANYTHING I have ever experienced in my life and I guess u may believe what Im about to say or not then thats fine. It was a message from Mum for me and us all. Ill try to describe it but the detail was as good if not better than real life. Ok this is what I was shown and told by Mum mainly. Others I saw were Dad and you. Everyone is happy and come and go busy doing exactly what they want in real life just the same. Same voices same mannerisms and smiling. As you think of some one some place or some thing it materialises and its there for you to touch use and even the smells are the same. The detail blew me away as Mum walked me from room to room by my arm and showed me that her home is still alive and well and shes home living there with all her gear pictures everything. I saw the laundry all full. I gave Mum a big kiss and she was happy to see me and have me visit. Each room was perfect right down to the wood grain on the cupboard doors and wardrobes. It was clearer than I can even remember now. I could touch and feel everything. I said can I look in the huts and I did opening the door and checking both out. The smell was the same lol. They were full of junk And I said to Mum how come and she said we keep all the extra gear in there because us kids arnt there. When I was inside the house if I concentrated real hard I could almost see the burnt walls and floors like a shadow or silhouette but Mum said to me firmly with a serious look on her face that she is NOT going to allow me to see that and it vanished. She said that our home exists in two different places at once. Its like one place is on 92fm and her place is 102fm. They share the same place or space but out of tune so u dont see the other. Anyway we had visitors come and go with cups of tea. Dad arrived in from up the farm smiling and whistling. You arrived for a visit and chat also happy and smiling. Everything coming and going as I thought of them. When I was in Mums old bedroom with the built in mirror I tried to look at myself but when I did I was like a ghost. Very faint and just a shape. And yet I could see the bloody grain in the varnished doors right beside. We went to the A&amp;P show and there were not many people there but it was on. What happens is only the people you knew and think about come through. This explains how in the spirit world its not jammed packed with every person who has passed on just your loved ones and friends coming and going like real life. Ok back home again and Muns really young and beautiful probably in her twenties. See they can appear as any age they want. I knew it was mum. I swung her around then she fell over a chair laughing. I had tea with Mum and now the afternoon was getting darker it was time for me to go. I have her a big hug and began to cry with joy. I knew I was experiencing a dream but it was much too real for just a memory and I could ask questions. I thought I would wake Sue with my crying but I went back to Mum. She smiled and said she is happy and well and not to fear. I asked her if I could come and visit her again but she got serious again and said no but she will think about it. I said how about once a week and I begged her but she smiled and said maybe. Oh well I thought. I walked out the gate and some guys standing on the driveway who looked like Eddie yates. He was wearing a parka and there was a farm implement behind him. I said to him who are you ? and he told me his name. Random spirits appear too and he was out the gate and seemed to be waiting for Dad to come out to see him. I hopped into my car yes u can drive in the afterlife but its cool . You dont have miles of boring nothingness. Next second Im on my way home to Hokitika and I stop in a town. I got out at a park and some guys sitting there in his car with his mouth wide open looking at me. I said what are u looking at ? He says you are bloody flying and floating up in the air. I said so ... You can too come on up so he hops out and flies up to me. He was hopeless and tumbled over. I laughed. Then I awoke in bed at home with tears running down my cheeks and so bloody happy I had to wake Sue and relay this story. It was not a dream but was a real experience. It was like a near death experience without the death. I could see anything I wanted and ask questions at will. I feel a lot more content about home and Mum and I have been shown a glimpse of heaven. It was SOOO nice I can see why Mum is restricting my return. If u stay and dont go back you die and its not my time. But we are allowed to visit but only when our loved ones allow us. I hope this makes sense and I was pleased to see you there too,,New Zeala,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Vehicle,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2741,OBE,1184,23,,F,"Please see above for details. I observed my body floating. When I would first know I was about to travel outside my body I would hear a humming sound. When evil came to me it would come in a buzzing sound and I would feel something biting at my back. I saw my husband once in an earlier life form. I think weve always been together. And, my most enduring memory which I can still feel somewhere deep inside is the presence of absolute goodness and love...God.    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,undec,very st,"100,000+",colle,governm,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2742,ME ,1432,40,,M,Because I have written extensively about my experience I have chosen to wait until I can attach a pdf document.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Psychot,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2743,ME ,1154,18,,F,"Suddenly while listening to the tape, I had a profound and total sense that I was one with everything, I was looking at the sky through the window, and as I looked on the moon and the stars, I felt and knew that they were love. I dont know how to describe it other than everything WAS love, and I was one with everything. There was NO separation. The car seat in front of me, the empty can of soda, EVERYTHING. The feeling lasted breifly, maybe a matter of a minute or two. It was the single Best most amazing feeling I have ever had, and I only hope I will have it again one day, even if its not until the afterlife, I can wait. It just gives me hope.    ",,Citizen.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"0 24,999",Some,I was i,,single,separ,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2744,ADC,1071,18,,F,My grandmother was wearing a light blue chiffon looking gown similar to the one I remember her being buried in. She radiated light from within and around her. She was holding my baby niece in her arms and said to me that Jessie would be with her and that everything would be ok. The dream was very short and I do not recall any other details if there were any.    ,,Natural c,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,I was j,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2745,ME ,1493,21,,F,"I did not see or hear anything. I experienced a sudden intense feeling that a door had opened, and that my grandfather was present. It lasted about a minute I turned to my friend and told her my zaidy is here, and I started to cry. I believe I also told her he came to say goodbye to me. I recall my hair on my skin was standing on end, but I was not cold. And then it ended abruptly, as if a door shut suddenly. I then told her he was gone.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,never,seldom,avera,very st,"100,000+",docto,I was a,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2746,OBE,1254,42,,F,"I was listening to a Coldplay album on my iPod and looking out the window of the plane, relaxing &amp; enjoying the flight. I wasnt paying particular attention to anything and was letting my mind wander when I gradually realized that I was flying, not flying in the airplane, but flying alongside the airplane. It was a wonderful feeling, like the flying dreams that I used to have as a child. The difference was that in my childhood dreams, my body was flying and...and I was asleep. When I was on the airplane, I wasnt sleeping. What happened was that I was listening to the music and then I became aware that I was flying in spirit. That is to say, I saw my body sitting in the airplane but *I* was outside the cabin, in the air just beyond my window. I saw myself there but I wasnt afraid. The whole experience was beautiful. I could feel myself soaring. The freedom and the peace that I felt was amazing. When I first realized what was happening, I just enjoyed it but then,unfortunately, I tried to control it. I wanted to see if I could go up or down and the moment I started thinking, the experience was over and I was back in my body, sitting in the airplane, looking at the clouds outside my window. I stopped the iPod and started the playlist over &amp; over, hoping that if some notes had triggered something, that it would happen again, but nothing further happened.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,founder,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2747,ME ,1359,48,,F,"My cousin seemed to be kind of sweaty like she had been working hard. She asked me a question that seemed to reverberate across many times and many people and many connections and many places. It was a question that could be applied to any of our family or loved ones or the human race even. It seemed timeless and very expansive. I saw like a rolodex all the people my cousin wanted to know about, as if she could some how page through my heart and mind and bring out everyone in pick form quickly. The question was, and it was directly to my heart/mind not spoken. She wanted to know if The marriage was alright if it was healthy and strong. I felt she was asking about my own marriage as well as someone elses I told her my marriage was good, strong. Some how in stating this it seemed to make her feel assured and more relaxed. I asked her if she was okay, through my heart/mind, she said she was fine, that she was doing a lot of good work here. Then. I woke up!    ",,Citizen,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,Librari,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2748,OBE,1044,29,,F,"I observed my sons spirit in a protective uniform of the canadian mounted horse police. Although a child that would have been mine on earth, he was still with me. He inferred later in my life that he would always be there to protect and guide me. I named him Joseph because he came to me at St Josephs hospital. Also, Chief Joseph was one of my favorite Native Chiefs at the time. I was elated after the incident. I knew he was mine and mine alone. That he survived as a guardian. It told me that my abortion did not kill anyones spirit. I learned that the childs spirit doesnt always enter the womb when conceived.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2749,NDA,1327,46,,F,Please see above description.    ,,USA citiz,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,I worke,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2750,NDA,1474,34,,F,"As many people describe accidents, everything seemed to go in slow motion, and I watched. I found that instead of fear, I became very, very calm. I felt that I had no control over what was about to occur, and that was OK. I knew the severity of the situation would surely lead to my death. The feeling is indescribeable really. My past did not flash before me, instead, the only thing that came to me, other than the complete peace and acceptance, was the recurring thought that if I died that day, I would not be able to bring my daughter into the world. I was not pregnant at the time, nor trying to get pregnant. The only thing that mattered though was telling my husband that I loved him and that if I died, I would not be able to have my daughter. I was no longer fearful of death.    ",,USA citiz,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Lab wor,,marri,divor,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2751,ME ,1506,44,,F,"I was able to see all my chakras in my meditation..vivid colour red, orange, golden yellow and beautiful green and pink for the heart. I was unable to draw this ecstatic energy to my throat. The explosion of ecstasy or it felt like an orgasm was when it opened up from my heart center. There was no sound or smell but I saw the vast universe and it was filled with Unconditonal LOVE. Love that I have never felt so intensely before in my life.    ",,Landed im,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,YOga te,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2752,DEE,1404,21,,M,". I \xe2\x80\x9cImagined\xe2\x80\x9d in my head fields of daisies and the beach. I felt many sexual sensations that were very real and believed a woman was making love to me. I heard too many voices to say specifics. I felt terrified, weak physically, burning foul hot energy consuming me, energy that was directed towards me because I was weak, taken advantage of energetically. I felt beauty and true love. I realized how strong I was. Going through Hell like a brave soldier, taking the assault and spiritual violence \xe2\x80\x9crape\xe2\x80\x9d and enduring it as a cross to bare. Knowing only that I was good and I was in a realm of evil. Yet guided by my true love. Many hallucinations-auditory, tactile, olfactory, gustatory. Looking back I realize that I was lost in a world I didn\xe2\x80\x99t belong, that the higher powers had reached me and I was beginning the process of \xe2\x80\x98Waking Up\xe2\x80\x99. And that I was always a being of pure innocence and goodness. And that the evil world, or reality that I had been living in was torturing and giving me Hell because the last thing it wanted was for me to wake up.    ",,"British,",1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,unemplo,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2753,DEE,1335,29,,F,"It was a male voice, it must have sounded something like my then fianc&#233; because I thought it was him yelling my name. He yelled my name which alerted me to react which I did and I heard nothing else.    ",,A US citi,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,Outside,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2754,ME ,1406,55,,M,"  In 1954 I was born in Astoria Queens, NYC and brought up in the Diocese of Brooklyn. I attended Our Lady of Mount Carmel School and Church. My family moved to Northern New Jersey and I finished my Catholic School in Immaculate Conception in Franklin NJ Diocese of Patterson. To my parents credit one can see where the foundation of my Catholic Faith was formed. I was dragged to church. Didn\xe2\x80\x99t want to be there so eventually when I was old enough I left. I lived a very sinful life. One can only imagine where I was but I was not with God. I joined the Navy and began to become an adult and my world did not include God. Things happened to me that in retrospect God must have chose me for better things because my Guardian Angle was very busy.  I met Protestants, while in the Navy. These people were FIRED UP FOR THE LORD. They were obnoxious thumping their Bibles. I didn\xe2\x80\x99t understand them. Finally in 1975 I associated with them enough that in Key West Baptist Church I accepted Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior. The evil one still had a hold on me and I soon returned to my secular and sinful way of life. As we headed east for Desert Storm in 1990 there were definately more Christians than I have ever seen on an Aircraft Carrier before in my life. History is what it is with that war. Prayer works. Never doubt it.   I did get married to Paula in 1982 in St. Monica\xe2\x80\x99s Church in Sussex NJ. We had a good life as a Navy couple. We attended Mass sometimes mostly non-denominational services. For some reason I developed an attitude toward the Catholic Church.  I retired from the Navy in 1999 and by 2003 we found ourselves in Warrenton VA attending the Warrenton Presbyterian Church. Make no mistake the Pastor and congregation of Warrenton Presbyterian are blessed people. I had attended a Methodist Church for a couple of years, while living in NY so going to church now in my life became a necessary event. But I still was not dedicated to it. I had a Protestant perspective on forgiveness, which is what the Bible says happens if we repent; That is what I was taught by Protestants, however it still is not the teaching of the Catholic Church.  Life was good life was bad. I had some financial difficulties with other obstacles in life and I earnestly prayed to God that he help me get my life in order. Paula and I by the grace of Divine Providence found St. John the Evangelist church in Warrenton VA about 2006. It reminded us of our old time Catholic up bringing and we both felt like re returned home. We stayed.   Now in 2012 at age 57 I\xe2\x80\x99m going to back track. At age 54 or 55 I attended Mass during Easter. Father Cozy discussed the Divine Mercy Chaplet and Saint Faustina. I thought it was interesting that all one had to do was say this chaplet for salvation. Fr. Cozy had planted one of the larger mustard seeds of faith in me, no doubt. As a government contractor my customer was the Navy. I was able to walk the walk and talk the talk with Sailors so I excelled at my job (at least I thought I did). It wasn\xe2\x80\x99t until I was age 55 that I bought my copy of St. Faustina\xe2\x80\x99s diary. I had to ride two large deck helicopter and aircraft carriers in a month\xe2\x80\x99s time so my travel to west coast gave me plenty of time to read the diary. I read through St. Faustina\xe2\x80\x99s diary like a novel. I eventually realized this was a 20th Century Saint talking directly to me. She was talking directly to me! Through Providence I started saying one Hail Mary a day also eventually this lead up to a full Rosary. I guess the door with no doorknob on my heart was being opened to Jesus. Things started to happen. While on one of the ships I shared a stateroom with two Harrier Pilots. They were both Catholic and noticed what I was reading. We shared some fellowship. I finished the Diary and it was like there was a bonus CD in the back of the book. The bonus was St. Faustina stayed with me. I\xe2\x80\x99m not going to say apparition in this essay, but I will say \xe2\x80\x9cheightened spiritual awareness.\xe2\x80\x9d I had this sense Sister was with me. I attended my first Divine Mercy Service that Easter and completed the novena prior to that. I was able to venerate and kiss a first class relic of St. Faustina during the service a woman had and shared with us all. It was about this time in May that I was coming home form work. I pulled in my driveway and was gathering my wits when in my interior voice. The interior voice! In my interior voice from nowhere I heard a woman\xe2\x80\x99s voice say thank you. The voice was so beautiful and melodic. It could only be associated with Our Blessed Mother. I paused and took it in. Hopefully I said a prayer. I don\xe2\x80\x99t remember but I probably did. Within weeks something else happened. My commute to wor",,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,dail,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Retired,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2755,DEE,1058,46,,M,Read my book.    ,,US citize,1 2000,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Aerospa,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2756,OBE,1200,4,,F,"As the abuse was happening, I recall feeling like I couldnt move and as I looked up into the corner of the room, above the television, I saw myself floating there looking down at myself. The floating version of me seemed ethereal and I recall not seeing an entire body. Then I can hear the television and it felt like I was going back and forth between the floating me and the me on the sofa. I dont recall how long this lasted, and I dont recall anything afterwards.    ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,None,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2757,NDE,1031,19,,M,I didnt want to leave.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2758,NDA,1367,41,,F,I know I saw him standing behind my Mom that day and was really dumbfounded when I realized he really wasnt there. It was as if his spirit was trying to tell me something.    ,,American,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Softwar,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2759,DEE,1452,49,,F,It was a long time ago. I dont remember any sound or light just the most incredible source of love I will never forget.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",High,Airline,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2760,ADC,1106,16,,F,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2761,ME ,1493,21,,F,"I did not see or hear anything. I experienced a sudden intense feeling that a door had opened, and that my grandfather was present. It lasted about a minute I turned to my friend and told her my zaidy is here, and I started to cry. I believe I also told her he came to say goodbye to me. I recall my hair on my skin was standing on end, but I was not cold. And then it ended abruptly, as if a door shut suddenly. I then told her he was gone.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,never,seldom,avera,very st,"100,000+",docto,I was a,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2762,ME ,1493,21,,F,"I did not see or hear anything. I experienced a sudden intense feeling that a door had opened, and that my grandfather was present. It lasted about a minute I turned to my friend and told her my zaidy is here, and I started to cry. I believe I also told her he came to say goodbye to me. I recall my hair on my skin was standing on end, but I was not cold. And then it ended abruptly, as if a door shut suddenly. I then told her he was gone.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,never,seldom,avera,very st,"100,000+",docto,I was a,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2763,DEE,1520,49,,M,"I had recently stopped drinking alcohol after 29 years of habitual and heavy drinking. My partner at the time was engaged in guided meditation and spiritual connection and growth. She convinced me to look to meditation and I discovered that I could use the pendulum quite successfully. I began to work very hard at the spiritual connection that I was forming. After a period of time i was able to hear messages and feel spiritual presence.I was shown the different spheres and told of the existence of other worlds and other dimensions. I had come to a point in my life where change was necessary. God had played a major part in my life until age 13....I felt divorced from him at age 49 and quite spiritually, emotionally and physically lost. In these early days of my transformation i was meditating and the room was flooded with a beautiful golden light. I felt myself being lifted from the chair....tears streamed down my face and the overwhelming message was to love God. From this point I began to understand that love was the key to change albeit with a great deal of hard personal work.    ",,I am an A,1 mill,agnostic,atheist,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Student,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2764,ME ,1204,25,,M," I was so overcome by all of this and feeling so ecstatic that I thought I couldn`t take any more of it or I would burst. with an effort of will I brought myself back to earth ,so to speak. All this happened 40 years ago but it is unforgetable. I have tried many times to induce this experience since then but to no avail.    ",, U.K.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio, electr,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2765,OBE,1443,25,,F,"When I was in my 20s, I had a number of out of body experiences where I would find myself in a different location than my body. (was not on drugs or attempting OBE, did not know much about it and still dont) What was significant to me was the experience of seeing without eyes and hearing without ears. That is the best way I could describe it. Experience was hyper real Was able to confirm once with a sister-in-law, that while my body was not present, I was with her and accurately observing her. Leaving an OBE felt like my body fit like a glove that was too tight. Was no emotional physical trauma going on at the time. Have not had these experiences since then. Of note, I have always been a lucid dreamer am aware I am dreaming while I am asleep and can consciously influence what is going on in dreams I enjoy flying, changing locations with a thought and walking through walls. Also of note have always felt unconditionally loved its just kind of who I am. Feels like something I carry with me no matter the circumstances.    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,nurse,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2766,OBE,1480,51,,M,observed a radiating light with darkness surrounding it-Could not describe in words the ultra reality and love from the entity/soul-If I had to stay in that place forever Iwould not have minded it was all I could ever want in terms of the feeling of love etc. I felt it coming from that being it was so real it was as though the feeling was solid? more real than any feeling in the physical world.    ,,Australia,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",colle,Aquariu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2767,DEE,1426,18,,F,"I had been battling depression for a year or two. I was at the point of not being able to feel many emotions, I was anxious, and waking each morning felt like more of a curse than a blessing. On a random morning I awoke to a feeling of great love, and a voice inside me said everything will be ok from now on. This feeling of love lasted the entire day. I was in love but didnt know why or how, and this feeling was felt for every person I met that day, including strangers. The next morning when I woke this feeling was gone, and I was back to having no feelings at all, back in my depressed state. I had never experienced a feeling like this before, and it was so strong, and came out of nowhere, that I figured it must be the love of God. This encounter healed me, and set me on a course of learning more about God.    ",,natural b,1 2000,agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",some,high sc,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2768,ADC,1536,43,,F,See Above    ,,dutch,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Remedia,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2769,DEE,1358,19,,M,In my first reported STE I report that I asked God for help regarding what action I should take next relating to my stand against the war I Viet Nam. This STE brings the Voices reply full circle. Together we have concluded the military experience and launched into a life altering relationship that could be very helpful to me in bringing greater peace to our world. I felt this Voice thing had great possibilities and was well worth further exploration. I still feel that way.    ,,US citize,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2770,DEE,1317,54,,F,"Please see number 43 above. TO add to number 43 above: I heard nothing, but sometimes my dogs would perk up their ears at something.  I have learned that my husband in a different form, and his spiritual helpers, have been present with me during certain times when I have really needed his and their presence. I have learned through his presence through these forms of light that there is a wider realm of undying consciousness that is very beautiful and peaceful and full of love and light. I have asked, intended, that he include me in as much of this learning as possible so that I can better understand life on the other side of the veil, and so that I can be a better human being and can spread more love to the world. I have also learned that despite the horrendous pain and suffering he endured as a result of his cycling accident- he was alive for 13 days on all kinds of life support and conscious for much of this time, and paralyzed and unable to speak to me due to the intubation or trach tube- he is in a better place now and not suffering anymore, and yet he isnt really gone at all.    ",,I am a ci,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Ph.D,Univers,,widow,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2771,ADC,1464,17,,F,"When we were ending I look outside the window, and there was a person looking at me from the square that was in front of the school, I remember that I have my hand in my chin, and I ask myself, is He looking at me?. then I see this person gives me a big smile, I didnt recognized him till that moment, it was my grandfather looking a lot younger with black and white hair, a jacket and jeans I only see in a photograph in which he was with my when I was a month old. Then I knew he has passed away. He have had Alzheimer for as long I remember, and that smile tells me that all was alright, He was finally at peace and free of that prision that have him bedridden for almost two years. I got out of classes and walk to me grandparents houses that was four bloks away, I found my mom in the way and tells me about my grandfather death, i just tell her I know.    ",,Citizen,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,High Sc,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2772,OBE,1092,24,,F,"Peace... like no other. If you tried to worry you just would not be able too. I was aware I was me, and I was ok with that.    ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Telepho,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2773,DEE,1426,18,,F,"I had been battling depression for a year or two. I was at the point of not being able to feel many emotions, I was anxious, and waking each morning felt like more of a curse than a blessing. On a random morning I awoke to a feeling of great love, and a voice inside me said everything will be ok from now on. This feeling of love lasted the entire day. I was in love but didnt know why or how, and this feeling was felt for every person I met that day, including strangers. The next morning when I woke this feeling was gone, and I was back to having no feelings at all, back in my depressed state. I had never experienced a feeling like this before, and it was so strong, and came out of nowhere, that I figured it must be the love of God. This encounter healed me, and set me on a course of learning more about God.    ",,natural b,1 2000,agnostic,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",some,high sc,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2774,OBE,1002,32,,M,"Once I blacked out I saw myself from behind. I physically was standing behind myself. I felt whole and yet completely detached form my body, completely aware of what was happening. I saw my friend shaking me, call out to his wife and could see her in the kitchen which I could not have done from the vantage of sitting on the sofa. I felt whole but less substance, hard to explain but teh only way I can explain, like I was whole but did not feel the weight of me or my body. When I came back to my body and woke up i experience a loud pop and then my eyes opened and I took in a large gasp of air, got up and felt ok more or less minus the soreness from coughing. No headache nothing    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Prefer no,Unity,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",maste,non pro,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2775,ADC,1329,31,,F,See above    ,,USA    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Compute,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2776,OBE,1531,30,,F,"I must first start out by explaining that I have had OBEs my entire life, beginning when I was about 9 or 10 years old. It was at this age that I began watching tv programs about people being visited by their guardian angels, or other such spirits, who had saved their lives, or sent these people messages of some monumental significance.  I was very much affected by these programs and began praying to god, or to whoever was listening to me, for some sign of the \xe2\x80\x98other side,\xe2\x80\x99 because I knew deep inside that there was more to life and I wanted to experience it firsthand as these other people did. I prayed every day obsessively and even created my own Ouija board out of paper and a ring, thinking I could make some sort of connection. The ring did eventually move, to my astonishment, but it was just my own energy that I was becoming aware of. So I began to feel my own energy throughout my body, as I do to this day, although for some time I believed it was a spirit taking over my body because it felt so foreign at the time, and as a young child I just didn\xe2\x80\x99t know any better.  Shortly after being aware of my own energy I began to feel my energy leave my body at night when I was falling asleep.  It was incredibly startling and disturbing, as it would jolt me awake, just as I was beginning to fall asleep. As I would awaken my energy would immediately slam back into my body. As a child I thought this was the devil taking my soul away, and I used to cry and pray to god at night. This happened all the time, and it was very frightening, and there was no one I could tell because I knew I would sound crazy. One night when I was crying and praying, I suddenly felt \xe2\x80\x93and had the image of- someone kissing my cheek. I felt the energy touch my face and sink into my skin- and then I felt an immense, overwhelming wave of intense love encompass my entire body, and I knew in my soul that I was loved and taken care of, that I was perfectly safe. I was in complete shock, and my tears turned to tears of joy- someone had responded to my prayers! I knew I was going to be ok! Somehow whatever was happening to me at night was not as horrible as I thought it was\xe2\x80\xa6and so I let it happen, knowing I was protected. I was so stunned by what happened-I had truly made a connection, the connection I had been yearning for. I knew there was more to this life, I knew there was nothing to fear, that someone or something was looking out for me. My fear of evil dissipated. I got used to feeling my energy leave my body at night, and it became a familiar sensation. Years later I would meet a friend in high school who would explain me that what I was experiencing was astral projection, and I would read books on the subject, as well as on many other metaphysical topics. As a teenager I would meditate and consciously expand my awareness, teaching myself to experience that profound love again and again, I would see auras, and have many other eye-opening spiritual experiences.  Throughout the years I have experienced OBEs in my dreams quite often, where I am flying around outside, in my house, out in space, all over the place. It is a fabulous feeling. I have not been able to consciously leave my body, though-only in dreams. As an adult I am very spiritual but I do not believe in any one religion or doctrine, nor in any god, heaven or hell, or in evil. I believe in my experiences, and in a profound and universal love that we are all a part of, not separate from, because of what I have felt and witnessed in my lifetime over and over again. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when I was 20 yrs old, and I was on lithium for 10 years when we come to the present time when this story unfolds, in July of 2013. There are many other events surrounding my experience I am to speak of, which are important to mention. At the time I most likely had lithium toxicity, as I was physically sick and severely confused, and my body was in convulsions for what seemed like weeks. I couldn\xe2\x80\x99t eat very well on my own due to the spasms and it took me an immense amount of time to get dressed and perform normal tasks due to the uncontrollable spasms caused by lithium toxicity. I never knew what day it was it was or what had even happened the day before. I was in bad shape. At the same time I was also malnourished for reasons I can only speculate onmy boyfriend had recently broken up with me so I had fallen into a deep depression, I was hardly eating, forgetting to take my meds, and hardly sleeping. I most likely was suffering from a mental breakdown. I was 89 pounds, which was also caused by the fact that I was on adderall- I had already been underweight, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t know how in the world I had lost 10 pounds so quickly. My brain was so fuzzy during that time period, s",,U.S. Citi,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",Some,Medical,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2777,ME ,1176,54,,F,"I found myself in a tunnel comprised of dark red glass aperture-like structures which were opening up like a cameras aperture to receive me. I forced myself to look to the left to try to ascertain where I was. In between the aperture blades I could see I was in outer space. I saw a black sky all around with stars. When I turned to move forward again I could see in the distance what appeared to be the end of the tunnel. It was made up of a beige inflatable cushion-type structure. I quickly moved forward to reach the end. I was greeted by an elder angelic-like spirit who began asking me questions almost to verify my identity. I answered them, but after a while, I questioned why I needed to answer all these questions. After that, the being stepped to the right and before me I saw a bright blue sky with perfectly shaped green trees, which had leaves rustling by a gentle breeze, though I could not feel the breeze. Beyond the trees, I saw green lush rolling hills that seemed to go on forever. From my left appeared my deceased father, as he would have been at about 35 years old dressed all in white \xe2\x80\x93 a short-sleeved white tee shirt and white cotton-type pants. He had been 54 when he died. He seemed to communicate telepathically to me but I responded using physical speech. He initially asked me how I was. We turned in the direction of the rolling hills again and this time I saw many people all dressed in white silently walking in the right direction. I did not know these people or where they were going. He suggested we sit at a concrete garden table to the left with 2 concrete benches on either side. Beyond the table I noticed a one-story concrete building with no windows or doors that I could see. My father wanted to know how I was and said he was concerned about me. At the time, I was undergoing radiation therapy for breast cancer (DCIS ductal carcinoma in situ, stage 0). I reassured him there was no need for concern as the radiation wasnt bothering me at all and the DCIS was not ever fatal. He told me he was very proud of me. After a time, He asked me to come around the table to where he was sitting so I could give him a hug goodbye. As I did, he asked me to forgive him. The encounter was pleasant up to that point. When he asked me to forgive him, all my memories of how he had been a strict disciplinarian came back to me and I started to feel badly, reliving those feelings I had as a child and teenager. After that, I woke up very quickly.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,vice pr,,divor,divor,Unc,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2778,DEE,1193,31,,F,    ,,usa    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,avera,moder,"0 24,999",colle,real es,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2779,ADC,1209,54,,F,"One night during my sleep, I had a short but very powerful dream. I could see my father walking on a treadmill and my mother, who is still alive, was there too. It seemed to be in their home, but all I could see was my father and mother. I looked at my mother and said, Is that dad? and she replied, yes it is. I walked over to him and he was dressed differently than normal. He had a funny looking sleeveless down jacket on. He was a man who liked to look nice and this jacket was just not him. He had this wonderful smile on his face and his being generated such great warmth. There were no words shared, but I could feel his love beyond measure for me. It was like our spirits were talking. The message was I love you and I must go now. That was the end of the dream.    ",,United St,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,very st,"0 24,999",colle,Revenue,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2780,DEE,1503,42,,M,I had decided to do the plant based medicine Ibogaine HCL from Africa at my home with two friends present who were helpers and care givers if required. After taking Ibogaine 18.5 milligrams I began to feel dizzy and went and laid in my bed. Lights were off and all windows were darkened. I was semi sat up in bed with eyes wide open the whole experience. Post two hrs I began seeing light of all colours pour through my ceiling and into my room. I felt at the last point my body being raised and a sense of lightness. About 30 mins after all color had stopped flowing into my room where everything became kinda pixelated. I could see energy like dust particles clearly and then I could see masses of energy which quickly became vivid people in spirit. I could continue to see spirits seven in all and spiders and a big bull frog up until dusk. This the ibogaine wore off and everyone slowly disappeared again. It was miraculous.    ,,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,week,moder,very st,"50,000 99",High,Retired,,single,single,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2781,ADC,1374,45,,F,"The guide got us to a certain level of depth during the meditation and asked who we saw there. Mt brother, who had been a quadriplegic from the age of 16 and in a vwheelchair, came up to me with open arms. He looked very different from how I knew him. He had dark curly hair and was wearing a crisp white linen shirt and slacks. He had a confident bearing and long stride. He took me into hisvarms and said you are forgiven and you are loved.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,avera,none,"50,000 99",colle,Respira,,separ,divor,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2782,DEE,1279,33,,F,"That night, when I went to bed I was still shaken by the experience. I went to sleep and was awakened in the middle of a dream by a yellow/white light which seemed to be turning and was lightest at the edges. I heard a male voice telling me not to be afraid. I wasnt. In fact I was filled with immense love and peace. The male voice talked to me telepathically for a period of time telling me that earth was just a test, a proving ground so to speak. I asked the voice what I was expected to do. Become a nun or what. The voice answered saying just live a good kind and loving life. Id move on to a different plain of being. I have to say that this voice filled me with a love that I cant describe and have never felt so strongly again.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,never,never,undec,littl,"50,000 99",Junio,office,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2783,ME ,1504,45,,M," I was thinking over and over .  So, all I have to do is ask for help and you will help? After thinking about this for a few minutes . .. What happened is hard to explain . All I know is that I had closed my eyes and when I opened them all of the insanity was gone. The anger ,hatred for others ,resentment etc was completely gone. Everything I saw was somehow brighter and beautiful. Including the rusty mail box I was parked next to.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",High,Letter,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2784,ME ,1494,41,,F,"I was extremely relaxed and focussed on the tree I was drawing. I looked up and viewed the scene beyond my tree very large weeping willow trees in the distance, flowers and plants in front of them. The willow trees were gently blowing in the breeze. I just suddenly experienced this intense awareness/knowledge/feeling that everything in the universe was part of one whole, that everything was connected to everything else, and that everything was just the way it was supposed to be. It is very difficult to put this into words. It wasnt an awareness that dawned on me slowly. It occurred instantly, and in that moment of insight, I understood that everything in the universe was as it should be, and that everything was alright. I felt intense peace and in awe of G-ds majesty. I call this my G-d moment. It only lasted a few moments, seconds. But it left me feeling more peaceful than at any other time in my life.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,littl,"100,000+",docto,Dentist,,divor,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2785,NDA,1047,35,,M,"She was very weak, had stopped eating and couldnt swallow even an eyedropper of water. She slipped back and forth between consciousness and being non-responsive. the event began casually enough, with her periodically asking Who is that person across the room. Hospice warned me this could happen. Of course I would look and no one was there so I would say I dont know. After a couple more times of mentioning that people were standing across the room, they became closer. At one point, she saw 2 people standing right next to my sister at her bedside. My mom asked my sister Who is that? My sister asked Where? and my mom said Right beside you! Of course that totally creeped out my sister! Keep in mind that although Hospice had given her morphine which I was to deliver as needed, after the first and only time I gave it to my mom, after a few hours she woke up and asked me what I had given her. I told her morphine for the pain. She said They told me Im not supposed to take it so please dont give it to me again. I did not. So the incidents of her seeing people were becoming more frequent and she mentioned a Benjamin which my father said must have been one of her favorite distant relatives that had passed on well before I was born. He said my mother always had a connection with Benjamin in life and that they were good friends. She also saw both her parents and would carry on conversations with them. I would sit by her bedside, holding her hand and she would seem unresponsive yet mumbling as if she was talking to someone. At one point, she was talking to her deceased father, I guess, because my dad and I kept hearing the occasional Daddy come out of her mouth. All of a sudden her eyes would open and she would look directly at me and ask Can you please tell Daddy (or Aline her mother) to come back? I want to talk to them again. One morning, she asked me to go get my father, which I did. She said to him Joe I love you. He said I love you too. She said I dont know whether to LET them help me leave. (We knew she meant her parents and the others she had been talking to). My father asked If you went with them, would you be happy? She said OH YES! Then he said Well, then, you should go. Sometime after that point, they told her what time she would be departing. 1:30. We didnt know whether that meant AM or PM but her demeanor was one of anticipation. She was almost excited. She kept asking (felt like every 5 minutes) What time is it? What time is it now? What about now? Despite our grief, we had to chuckle at her reaction. After that, the next day the chaplin was scheduled to visit at 9:30 am. He called at 9:00 am to say he would be delayed. He told me he would be able to get there at 1;30 pm. the coincidence totally escaped me at that time. I walked into the bedroom and my mom perked up and asked Who was on the phone? (which by the way is really out-of-character for someone who is in a non-responsive state almost 24/7. At that point, she didnt even act as though she knew she was in her own bedroom). I told her it was the chaplin and that he would be there at 1:30 pm. She exclaimed HOW DOES HE KNOW? I had to laugh! I told her He doesnt think you are going to die at 1:30! Hes just late! (little did I know!) So, fast-forward to 1:00 pm. Tracy, the aide was with my mom and I had gone down to my house to bathe and change clothes. A very strong thought popped into my head GET DOWN THERE! I looked at the clock and it was 1:15 pm. My only thought at that point was that I didnt want to miss the chaplin. I ran down the street and met him on the sidewalk as he was leaving. After a brief exchange, I hurried into the bedroom whereby Tracy promptly grabbed me by the shirt and pulled me into the bathroom. Wide-eyed she said I just saw something! Ive never seen anything! I just saw a BIRD fly into your mothers hospital gown! It flew inside the fabric! I saw the gown billow up as it flew across her heart. Then it disappeared! I was speechless. I said come on! and we went back into the room. My mother was having trouble breathing and her lips where turning blue. I looked and Tracy and said this is it, isnt it? Very quickly, my moms skin flashed blue (anoxia?) yellow (jaundice?) then pink/grey again almost like technicolor and at the same time I could hear her lungs filling up with fluid very quickly. No longer able to take a breath, she quickly expired. It was 1:30 pm.    ",,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2786,ADC,1017,25,,F,"In detail, I knew my grandfather was met by relatives, and my grandmother would be too. I wanted to be in communication with her spirit as she went home. I wanted to be with her in her room to give her comfort.  I sat and let the image come, where I could sense her presence in her bedroom at the nursing home and just let her speak to me. I learned that I had indeed inherited something spiritual from my mothers side of the family, and I was full of joy for my Grandmother. She knew and I knew it was very special.    ",,citizen o,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Prefer no,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,separ,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2787,DEE,1486,24,,M,I found myself moving in a tunnel with the walls looking like lumpy dark clouds. I saw a light up ahead. Suddenly the light engulfed me with a complete feeling of total love.    ,,Citizen o,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2788,ME ,1231,2,,F,"First, you must understand that my memory is remarkable. Although not purely photographic, the depth and breadth of my abilities are pretty striking. I remember almost everything going back to this experience. Thats what makes it stick out so much to me. My human consciousness takes me back to this day and there is literally nothing in my memories before it. There is not trauma, no injury, no conceivable explanation for that absence. With that, the STE starts with me floating in the universe. Im very calm and have absolutely no concerns or preconceived notions about where Im going. All there is was the sudden realization that I exist. As I float, I can see earth getting closer. I start to fall through the atmosphere, the clouds, etc. but the experience is not frightening at all. I see things start to form on the ground, like roadways and towns. I see what would be my small town, circle terrace, the top of a bunch of houses, etc. as I continue my downward movement. Just as I get ready to hit the roof of our house, my eyes open in my bedroom. Thus begins my consciousness, my memories, and my life on this planet.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2789,ME ,1112,58,,F,"As my partner progressed through the passes over my chakras, I began to experience a floating sensation and a feeling of being drawn out of my body through the top of my head. I was not afraid, and thought to myself, I dont think Im dying, but perhaps this is what the Catholic church means by the grace of a happy death. As this sensation of leaving my body progressed, I had a deep sense of safety, of being loved, both intimately and objectively. I felt that I was loved because I both part of creation and creation itself-unique, yet indivisible. Writing about it now, in this moment, brings tears to my eyes.    ",,American,"25,000",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Occupat,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2790,NDE,1171,30,,M,"I fed a hose from exhaust into car and viewed photos of my family as I lost consiousness. I felt an overwhelming comfort and saw a billowing woman in white who did not speak. She conveyed a thought to me that I understood completely. if you want to come on with me its ok. But, there are things that we need you to do. So, the decision is up to you..I opened my car door and tried to stand but fell hitting my face on the concrete at my home. (I still have a small scar as a reminder) My wife found me and took me to the ER. I was fine after a few days. ShE and our children were tested and did not have HIV. We divorced later that year but remain best friends today.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Sales,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2791,OBE,1258,20,,M,"I was transported to my friends room at his home in West Lafayette, Ind. I was on the ceiling observing him on a cot below. It was evening. I observed that he was in unusual distress and emotional pain. I immediately found myself praying and interceding for him in an unknown tongue that I did not know. When I awoke back in Tulsa in my dorm room at ORU , I felt the heavy peaceful presence of God upon me and I remembered everything about the encounter.    ",,Citizen o,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2792,ADC,1291,41,,F,"I sat up in bed and saw my father who was before me with his arms crossed on his chest. He didnt look old (he died at63) he didnt look young, is looked ageless..His skin had a very different glow that I cannot explain. It wasnt pink,it was a skin color Ive had never seen before. He seemed very peaceful and said to me  Dont worry about me, Ive never been happier and was gone. I felt this incredibly strong feeling that he was so calm, peaceful and fulfilled. Not his nature. I felt that he needed to comfort me and all these years later, I still see his face, and feel the comfort and peace. I think of that experience often when I pray because I know he came to me to assure me that he was with the Lord.Ive learned not to be afraid of death. My mother was a daily communicant but I never saw or dreamt of her. I was sure she would be with the Lord but not sure at all about my father.    ",,American,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Nationa,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2793,DEE,1356,19,,M,"When this communication and intense physical experience came to me I chose to leave the room where a group of about two hundred people were gathered so I could go through the event alone. It was so foreign to my experience that I had no concept of what might happen next and whatever it might be I preferred to have the experience away from, shall we say, prying eyes.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2794,NDE,1107,32,,M,"I was off-duty and walking with my girlfriend Susan along the beach. We observed 3 swimmers struggling in the surf approximately 100 yards from shore. I swam out and got the first two to safety. I then returned to the heavy surf for the third victim. I got to approximately 20 yards from shore when I was unable to go any further and rested with the victim on a small sandbar. The victim was then put in a rubber life raft when I was unexpectedly swept off the bar by the heavy surf. They were unable to rescue me and I submerged under the surf. Documented reports vary as to the length of time I was submerged but were consistent that I had drowned. While submerged, I have a distinct memory of seeing and hearing my father saying to grab my knees and ball up (NOTE: my father had been deceased for 10 years). I then woke up in an ambulance after being revived by paramedics who recounted that they spotted me on the surface balled-up and were able to retrieve my body from the surf and begin resuscitation.    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,religious,religious,Jewish,Christian,,,never,week,avera,very st,"0 24,999",docto,New Yor,,single,divor,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2795,ME ,1242,40,,M,see #8 above. It is easier to verbally describe than to type you a message.    ,,citizen U,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,    Q.,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2796,ME ,1072,42,,M,"Up ahead on the road at the other stop sign there were 2-3 cars stopped and waiting. There were no cars behind or in front of me. A car on the main road (going right to left by my perspective) stopped to turn down the road heading toward me but did not turn (they were waiting for a car going the other direction that I could not see). I had a powerful feeling that the stopped car was dangerous and to keep away. I will call this car X. I slowed significantly and soon came to a complete stop at least 20 feet from the sign. Still with almost no visibility of the main road in either direction. Within seconds the car waiting at the opposite stop sign (I will call this car Y) slammed on the gas and pulled out into the main road turning left (right by my perspective). The X car that I was afraid of had stopped to wait for an oncoming car but the driver in Y did not see this and thought X had stopped to let it by. The oncoming car Z slammed on its breaks to avoid car Y, swerved and slid on road dirt left from sanding. Car Z would have crashed into me had I been at the stop sign, or they would have hit car X or car Y if they did not swerve my direction.    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,moder,none,"25,000 49",Junio,R&amp;D,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2797,DEE,1279,33,,F,"That night, when I went to bed I was still shaken by the experience. I went to sleep and was awakened in the middle of a dream by a yellow/white light which seemed to be turning and was lightest at the edges. I heard a male voice telling me not to be afraid. I wasnt. In fact I was filled with immense love and peace. The male voice talked to me telepathically for a period of time telling me that earth was just a test, a proving ground so to speak. I asked the voice what I was expected to do. Become a nun or what. The voice answered saying just live a good kind and loving life. Id move on to a different plain of being. I have to say that this voice filled me with a love that I cant describe and have never felt so strongly again.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,never,never,undec,littl,"50,000 99",Junio,office,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2798,ADC,1017,25,,F,"In detail, I knew my grandfather was met by relatives, and my grandmother would be too. I wanted to be in communication with her spirit as she went home. I wanted to be with her in her room to give her comfort.  I sat and let the image come, where I could sense her presence in her bedroom at the nursing home and just let her speak to me. I learned that I had indeed inherited something spiritual from my mothers side of the family, and I was full of joy for my Grandmother. She knew and I knew it was very special.    ",,citizen o,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Prefer no,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,waitres,,separ,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2799,DEE,1540,47,,F,"I lost my father to lung cancer in December 2015. My dad was one of the two people I love more in the world. The experience was tearing, painful beyond words, also due the feeling of being abandoned in the hospice with my dad by the rest of the family, who I felt like they just wanted to get it done and over with. I have never felt more lost, alone and helpless in my life and I could not understand how this could be happening to a loving person like my dad. About 6 months later something very unique happened to me and I still can not make sense of it. I know I had been thinking about my dad that morning, desperately asking him to let me know if he was ok, like I was doing almost every day. I was standing in front of the mirror getting ready for work when I realized that I could see clearly only directly in front of me, while to both sides reality appeared to be melting into some sort of vertical waves. I had the strong feeling of some sort of presence, but at the same time I was getting increasingly scared that something was seriously wrong with me. The experience must have lasted more than 20 seconds, but this is just a guess. As I turned around to go downstairs to ask for help my vision and the room went back to normal. I now wish I did not get so worried because by doing so I might have stopped the experience. Since then I have tried many times to bring back those moments as I really would like to know what all of that was, but with no success. I have read many STE but I have not found anything similar to what I have experienced. I know that whatever it was it was real and I have not imagined it. If anybody has any idea of the significance of my experience I would be extremely grateful if they could get in contact with me to help me understand what happened that day. Thank you.     ",,Italian,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"0 24,999",some,self em,,marri,marri,Unc,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2800,OBE,1092,24,,F,"Peace... like no other. If you tried to worry you just would not be able too. I was aware I was me, and I was ok with that.    ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Telepho,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2801,ADC,1071,18,,F,My grandmother was wearing a light blue chiffon looking gown similar to the one I remember her being buried in. She radiated light from within and around her. She was holding my baby niece in her arms and said to me that Jessie would be with her and that everything would be ok. The dream was very short and I do not recall any other details if there were any.    ,,Natural c,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,I was j,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2802,ADC,1225,21,,M,My mother had passed away from long bout with cancer. The relatives gathered for the funeral and some stayed at our house. I gave up my bed and slept alone in the living room on a couch.  Sometime early in the morning I was awakened by someone hugging me tightly and the overwhelming thought YOU ARE LOVED was transferred to me. It woke me from a deep sleep and scared me as no one was present. I felt as though it was my mother although I did not see an image nor did she identify herself.   I thought that this was significant as these are the exact words from Dr. Alexanders book.     ,,Citizen b,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2803,OBE,1526,13,,F,"First of many. In my bed...falling asleep. I feel like I am in a whirring tunnel. I feel a vibration...I hear a noise that sounds a bit like the noise the Six Million Dollar Man makes when he runs or jumps. I am paralyzed and in terror. Desperate to pull out of it...instead I pull through it and am On the other side. The other side consists of my father and my sister and her friend (all living at this time)My sister and her friend are dressed in doll clothes and wearing doll make-up. Big lashes, red circle cheeks. I am annoyed by them. I wake up then for real. I am alarmed as I realize that cant tell the difference between pulling out (waking up) and pulling through (waking in another dimension). The rest of the night is spent drifting/travelling in and out of these other wordly dimensions with people I know in various educational sketches. I personally know the meanings of many of these scenarios but they are not relevent. so I either wake up to my darkened empty room or wake up on what I now call the other side. This began a basic skill that I accessed many times later throughout my life.    ",,citizen,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,n/a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
2804,ADC,1343,52,,M,    ,,citizen,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Truckdr,,divor,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2805,ME ,1018,30,,M,"I felt an immense wave of well-being flow through me, a sensation of deep love and compassion, accompanied by a physical sensation of being hugged around my arms and chest. I clearly heard the words But you are Loved within my head. The sensation probably lasted less than a minute, but left me feeling euphoric, awed, and profoundly valued and loved, as if I now had an inner assurance that everything would be OK, there was nothing to worry about, and that I could go about the rest of my life with a conviction that there was a dimension of reality beyond what we perceive on a daily basis.    ",,British,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Marine,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2806,DEE,1510,15,,M,"I will try not to repeat myself (from above). I was shocked at first and I felt fear engulf and paralyze my body. Eventually, I composed myself (because the lighted Christ entity was not going away) and I decided I was not going to be fearful, so I looked up again and just experienced the vision in front of me for several minutes. I looked around into the night darkness, and saw two sources of light in front of me the campfire and the lighted Christ entity to the left of the fire ring. The camp fire seating was organized in a semi-circle (around the fire pit). I was seated in the middle on the first row between two female friends. I eventually asked one of them if they saw anything. She said no.     ",,Resident,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",colle,None. I,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2807,OBE,1526,13,,F,"First of many. In my bed...falling asleep. I feel like I am in a whirring tunnel. I feel a vibration...I hear a noise that sounds a bit like the noise the Six Million Dollar Man makes when he runs or jumps. I am paralyzed and in terror. Desperate to pull out of it...instead I pull through it and am On the other side. The other side consists of my father and my sister and her friend (all living at this time)My sister and her friend are dressed in doll clothes and wearing doll make-up. Big lashes, red circle cheeks. I am annoyed by them. I wake up then for real. I am alarmed as I realize that cant tell the difference between pulling out (waking up) and pulling through (waking in another dimension). The rest of the night is spent drifting/travelling in and out of these other wordly dimensions with people I know in various educational sketches. I personally know the meanings of many of these scenarios but they are not relevent. so I either wake up to my darkened empty room or wake up on what I now call the other side. This began a basic skill that I accessed many times later throughout my life.    ",,citizen,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,n/a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
2808,DEE,1174,35,,F,"There was a person or someone in my room speaking with me and it felt as though they were downloading me with information of the Universe. I felt very exilerated when I would awaken the next morning. This lasted about 3 days. I felt as if I knew the answers to everything. Time began to slow down and I found children to be absolutely AMAZING! I also saw flickers of light in my periferal vision (often) which I would think to myself were possibly angels. I also had an experience during this time where a light came across my vision (similar to a pulsating and spinning vibration) that took over my complete line of sight (it took about 30 minutes for it to completely happen and it happened while I was at work one day). It also shook me to my core and I realize now that I was frightened by the experience and I quit meditating. It felt strange to be in that state of mind and it did frighten me a bit. Once I was removed from the experience, which was about a month or so. I realized that something incredible had happened to me and that I wanted to get back to it. I have since continued reading and studying metaphysics and have continued with my meditation. I have found that to this day I still wonder and think about that time in my life and I KNOW that it happened for a reason.    ",,Citizen o,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Paraleg,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2809,ME ,1302,51,,F,"Sometime in 1996, I was sitting alone in my office in my home in the middle of writing my memoir novel. I was sitting in my chair, thinking at the time. Suddenly I saw a vision in my head that Im entitling Our Human Timeline of Existence. It was a horizontally long image running left to right in my head. There were no words, numbers or sounds, only images. At the left of this horizontal Timeline was the first image. That image was of an ape down on all fours and facing left. To the right of that ape and facing right was a second ape starting to stand up. To the right of that ape and facing right was the third ape, looking Neanderthal. To the right of that ape was a picture of a human being facing right. Then there was a little space. To the right of the space was the image of Leonardo da Vinci\xe2\x80\x99s Vitruvian Man. To the right of that was a very, very long empty area. At the right end of the Timeline, the last image, is a great gust of horizontal wind blurring out the whole right end of the Timeline. That was what I saw. There were no dates on this Timeline. I thought about that vision and why I was seeing it. According to the spacing of the images one to another on the left and then the very long empty space in the middle area and then the wind blur all the way on the right, the vision said to me that, according to where Vitruvian Man was standing in the Timeline, we humans are currently (the 20th Century) into about 20% of our survival, from our beginnings on Earth to our end. I couldnt see our end because that was where the horizontal wind blur was, which took up all the space on the right side. There were no dates, so I dont know how it would happen to us, when, or if it would even happen at all. What I do see is that we humans have many, many more millenniums of survival. I believe I saw this vision and I believe (kinda) in what it was telling me. I wasnt sure what I was supposed to do with this knowledge except to tell people. But since that was one of my first spiritual experiences, I was so new to God (but still an atheist), that I think I told one other person. I wasnt confident in what I saw and I didnt want people to think I was crazy. Im uploading a file of the picture I drew of this vision. I dont remember what day I actually saw it because I wasnt writing down my spiritual experiences yet. So I recorded my vision in this picture at a later time, June 19, 2006. Please note my address and all contact info has changed since then.     ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2810,ME ,1516,69,,F,"An overwhelming feeling of love descended on me. I cannot adequately describe the feeling. the feeling was all encompassing and enveloped every cell in my body. i had never experienced that kind of love and have not experienced it since. If I could I would live in it. I knew who was sending me that love, it was a parrot that i had as a pet. i sold him to a lady who gave him a great life.   Around that same time the sister that died in 2008 sent me the same kind of love. In both of these cases I did not know that they had died.    ",,Citizen o,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Registe,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2811,ADC,1395,55,,F,"Everything was white, I felt calm and happy. It was very quiet. I believed that Butch was actually communicating with me. Different encounters happened, 1 prior to this and 2 after this.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Registe,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2812,ADC,1013,32,,F,"From this experience, I learned that death is not something to fear, that we might even be released from our earthly difficulties to enter into a place of bliss. I learned that I was deeply loved by my grandmother even if on the earthly realm she was unable to express this.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Massage,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2813,ADC,1225,21,,M,My mother had passed away from long bout with cancer. The relatives gathered for the funeral and some stayed at our house. I gave up my bed and slept alone in the living room on a couch.  Sometime early in the morning I was awakened by someone hugging me tightly and the overwhelming thought YOU ARE LOVED was transferred to me. It woke me from a deep sleep and scared me as no one was present. I felt as though it was my mother although I did not see an image nor did she identify herself.   I thought that this was significant as these are the exact words from Dr. Alexanders book.     ,,Citizen b,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2814,ADC,1527,52,,M,"Occurred several years after death of mother( 1998?) In dream, mother entered what appeared to be a classroom setting dressed in a black top and black and white A line skirt. She told me Stacy is dead. No more was said. Had image of Stacy lying in a ditch beside a road. Stacy was our middle daughter who was away at school at the time and remained alive until committing suicide in 2014. (Of interest, Stacy also had visual image of he grandmother, Edith, my mother, shortly after my mothers death.)    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Army so,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All distressing,adult
2815,ADC,1394,49,,F,"Terry Dean                         1946-2012 Terry was a well-known and dedicated musician in the Overberg and Hermanus. Terry\xe2\x80\x99s battle with cancer started in 2007-where it was diagnosed in the colon. He was successfully operated on in September that year and recovered, remaining healthy until March 2009, when a tumour was removed from his small intestine. He received chemotherapy at Tygerberg Hospital afterwards and seemed well. He continued to play his gigs-he said the music took his mind away from the pain. His last gig was just after New Year 2012 at the Shuntin\xe2\x80\x99 Shed in Bot River-but he was very weak by then.  The last six months of his life, he was cared for at home-with the help of Hospice. Terry slipped into a coma on Thursday 28th June-I spoke to him and told him it was alright to move on, that his daughters T&#232;gan and Tullia, and I, would be fine. I also asked him to send me a sign when he crossed over. He passed away in the early hours of Friday morning. He was smiling. I knew he had left us, and in the early winter morning, I looked out of the window up at the grey sky-completely overcast except for a very defined sliver of blue sky- in the perfect shape of an electric guitar. I was so grateful for that sign. Terry had asked a good friend of his to sell his beloved Fender Telecaster (which he bought in America) to help support his family-as he had been unable to work for months. I was told that the lady who bought it was called Tracy; and she had bought it for her partner, John, whom we had never met, as they live near Johannesburg. The morning of Terry\xe2\x80\x99s passing; I received a call from Tracy, enquiring how Terry was. I told her that he had passed away in the early hours of that morning. She gave me condolences and put John on the phone. This is what he told me: On the night in question, at about 11:45 p.m. my very faithful dog, Sasha, nudged me with her nose and would not stop...until I got out of bed. I was at my farm, not far from Hartebeespoort Dam at the time. Only to find Sasha sitting next to the Fender case... I made a cup of coffee, called my dog to the kitchen and she would not budge. I know that it sounds weird, but, I had to play the telecaster... my dog left the room as soon as I plugged the guitar into the amp... played a few bars of John Lee Hooker and went to bed. As you know I phoned you the next morning to offer my condolences... how I knew that?... your Terry was with me, of that I am sure... I feel that he has been back, too often I find myself compelled to play the tele. Bear in mind, I have seven other guitars, all very good... but the tele keeps calling...??? The guitar is well and safe... I play the smoke out of it and love the mood it leaves me with... I am sure you understand what I mean by that. In any case, I have no opinion on the life here after, but, Terry Dean was with me and wanted to hear me play, to see if I was up to scratch, I think?  When John woke up the following morning he said to Tracy, \xe2\x80\x9cTerry\xe2\x80\x99s gone.\xe2\x80\x9d    ",,South Afr,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,avera,avera,"0 24,999",colle,Self-em,,marri,widow,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2816,DEE,1356,19,,M,"When this communication and intense physical experience came to me I chose to leave the room where a group of about two hundred people were gathered so I could go through the event alone. It was so foreign to my experience that I had no concept of what might happen next and whatever it might be I preferred to have the experience away from, shall we say, prying eyes.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2817,ADC,1130,40,,F,"I had been painting the wall of our upstairs hallway for what must have been hours. It was late at night, and my husband and two young sons were sound asleep. I was painting with a paint roller---back and forth, back and forth...... All of the sudden, two orbs appeared on my righthand side. They were balls of light about the size of a softball (perhaps a bit larger). They were together, and I knew that these orbs of light were my grandmother and grandfather. I just knew this. It was a known fact even though they didnt speak to me. The orbs then started to move/zoom around my body and then through my body. I remember feeling pure love and joy. It was the most incredible, wonderful feeling. Everything happened very quickly---no longer than a minute. It was truly amazing.    ",,U.S. Citi,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,weekly,week,moder,littl,"100,000+",maste,ESL tea,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2818,NDA,1327,46,,F,Please see above description.    ,,USA citiz,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"100,000+",maste,I worke,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2819,DEE,1399,51,,M,"I could hear people speaking who were around me, was well aware of my surroundings--I did not expect this visitation to happen. I had said a little prayer (just in case) asking for forgiveness for those I had directly or indirectly hurt, and waited to die--so I thought. I wondered what it would feel like; i.e., would the lights just go out, would it be painful, or what. I could not tell the sex of my visitor, it appeared to clothed in a lovely robe-like material, was very human in appearance, had a lovely smile, appeared gentle and loving and I could see through it. What surprised me most is that it spoke to me without words. The thoughts just jumped into my mind. It knew what I wanted to know just as I had the thought develop in my mind, and I remarked, \xe2\x80\x9cHow did you do that?\xe2\x80\x9d Looking back on the experience, that thought makes me smile every time I think about it--it really happened that way. The message was that of love, that it did not matter whether I lived or died--I would be cared for. Finally, the overriding message was, LOVE WAS ALL THAT MATTERED and I did not need to worry. The visitor stayed with me for some time (several minutes) and when I turned to look away, out the cabin window, I could see the lights of a city below. When I turned back, my visitor was gone. In a way, this proved how real the visitation was. It was NO dream. After the plane landed, I was met by an ambulance and taken to Daniel Freeman Hospital. Thinking that I had a Mexican GI upset I was taken to a ward treating GI problems, a nurse noticed that my blood pressure dropped to nearly zero, I was then rushed to a CC unit and placed under the care of a cardiologist, Dr. Ciralo (sp?). There I was diagnosed with severe cardiac dilatation and heart failure, it wasnt until later that a pheochromocytoma was discovered. I was severely hypertensive and apparently this was the cause of my heart failure. When my hypertensive condition was brought under control, my heart returned to normal. This was all documented by ultrasonography and angiography. The pheochromocytoma was removed from my abdomen 1 month later at Cottage Hospital in Santa Barbara. I think back on the experience and still worry about the unknown, but listening to the audio tape of your book has helped restore my faith in the reality of my experience. Thank you!! My experience is with me nearly every day. My visitor never returned, but I do think we\xe2\x80\x99ll meet again someday.    ",,US citize,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"100,000+",post,Practic,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2820,OBE,1526,13,,F,"First of many. In my bed...falling asleep. I feel like I am in a whirring tunnel. I feel a vibration...I hear a noise that sounds a bit like the noise the Six Million Dollar Man makes when he runs or jumps. I am paralyzed and in terror. Desperate to pull out of it...instead I pull through it and am On the other side. The other side consists of my father and my sister and her friend (all living at this time)My sister and her friend are dressed in doll clothes and wearing doll make-up. Big lashes, red circle cheeks. I am annoyed by them. I wake up then for real. I am alarmed as I realize that cant tell the difference between pulling out (waking up) and pulling through (waking in another dimension). The rest of the night is spent drifting/travelling in and out of these other wordly dimensions with people I know in various educational sketches. I personally know the meanings of many of these scenarios but they are not relevent. so I either wake up to my darkened empty room or wake up on what I now call the other side. This began a basic skill that I accessed many times later throughout my life.    ",,citizen,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Some,n/a,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All distressing,youth
2821,ME ,1303,54,,F,"Through hypnosis is how I have been able to get back in touch with the other side or other dimension. I have had amazing experiences. From Past Lives that I can verify to meeting with my Spirit Guide and the Masters. I have been able to have access to my soul on the other side or in the Astral. It is like an orb. When I touch it I feel complete and whole. What is neat is that I can feel and see the souls of all my family and friends there also even though they are still alive here. I have also talked to deceased family members. The place is so beautiful. Flowers, gardens, fountains, temples, streams. Beings of light in different colors. It is beyond anything that words can begin to describe.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Registe,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2822,NDE,1065,42,,M,"From an account I wrote for my family and friends in 2001. The big event happened one night while we were visiting the Oregon Coast. We had not planned to spend the night- but did at the last minute. The only available motel was an older place with horrible soft, old mattresses. From what I can figure out- halfway through the night, while kind of curled up against the wall, I slipped off the mattress, and got wedged between the wall and the mattress. I then had an apnea attack- and the inability to move, or breath, sent me into some state of cardiac failure. This is all conjecture, and only supported by the mild abnormality in my EKG over the past years since. Whether I coded or not, is really not at the heart of the issue or my experience. There are tons of debates regarding what really happens when you die by both medical and theological theorists worldwide. I can only relate what I experienced.  I admit that even as I write, it sounds like science fiction- but I can assure you that it happened- and I believe it to be real in every sense.  Without trying to be overly dramatic, the next events were what I have found to be in subsequent studies, a classic Near Death Experience. I did not see myself in bed (many report floating over their bodies), as the room was too dark- but I was blasted through an amazing tunnel (plasma? lights? not sure) of brightness that brought me ever closer to an unbelievable bright light. In what seemed like minutes (regular time does not seem to apply)- I arrived in a place that was so overwhelmingly bright and swimming with fluid colors of the entire spectrum, that I did not at first realize that I was without my physical body. While I could see- or at least had a sense of the vision that I was seeing- I could not see my hands. It was about this time that my experience was significantly different than others I have read about.  I realized what was happening, and I was not happy about it. Almost immediately, I started screaming, in a voice that I could hear in my head- but could not physically perceive- No f***ing way! (except there are no asterisks in heaven) NO! I am not finished yet! I still have young children- I have not seen my life through yet! NO Damn It! I continued with a stream of verbal abuse of anyone that was listening\xe2\x80\xa6in very profane language, until I heard another voice say, OK\xe2\x80\xa6relax\xe2\x80\xa6its not your time.  I knew at that moment, two very clear truths to be real. First, I was not going to die yet (or stay dead if I was). Second, there was a God and an afterlife beyond our life on earth. Then things got strange, interesting and terrifying.  Unlike other NDE experiences I have read about, I did not see anyone, or feel the presence of Jesus, or Buddha, or Allah. Nor did I see a physical presence of any of my relatives that had passed before me- although I had a feeling that they were there with me.  What I did see was a much brighter place, perhaps 30-50- feet away (I had no real clear understanding of depth or ratio) that seemed almost to pull at my heart (if I had a heart) to come closer. I was awash with a complete feeling of peace, calm and contentment whenever I looked in the direction of this portal. And yet I knew, that moving into the portal would certainly mean that I would not be able to return to my life on earth.  Without speaking, and yet speaking and understanding what was spoken to me, a conversation ensued that changed my life.  You are troubled\xe2\x80\xa6 the voice said. Your need to know the truth about your life, is holding you back from living your life to the fullest.I agreed without speaking.  You must understand the gift to be able to enjoy and treasure the gift that you have been given, the voice said. At this time, while the voice was neither clearly male or female (I realize that does not make a lot of sense), I knew that the communication was coming from all that is\xe2\x80\xa6all that was\xe2\x80\xa6all that ever shall be. The voice was that of what I understood to be God. And yet- even then- while thinking this, it was evident that the entity knew what I was thinking- and chastised me for doubting, or trying to figure out its very existence.  In order to understand that which you feel you must understand to be happy, you must first know what you need to change in your life on earth, the voice said.  In an instant, I was seeing my life in review- first all of the wonderful feelings that had brought joy into my life. I saw all of the incredible events of my life when love, the most powerful positive force in existence, was most present in my life. Childhood memories, my first real loves, the births of my children, the first time I knew I loved my wife more than I loved myself- anything and everything associated with love in my life- flying past my eyes and filling my ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,littl,"100,000+",some,Owner o,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2823,SDE,1517,27,,M,"I was awake and alert. After doctors told us they were unable to necessitate my father, my mother and I were lead into the ER to identify his body. Lying on a gurney, I saw his body; However, I saw his spirit/energy 4-6 feet above his body. It looked like transparent water moving in a stream. It was his energy, like what you feel when they enter the room behind you. it told the chaplain who was with us. She said, Some people see that. I also saw and felt my father, as listed above, at his funeral, but not as strong. I felt a peace in knowing he is still with me in spirit.    ",,US    Q.,"25,000",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Peace C,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2824,DEE,1305,55,,F,"One day when I was 55, my spiritual life shifted into a new direction. This is a funny and ironic story. I was shopping alone in my local Bed, Bath and Beyond store, buying stuff and yet another set of bed linens because I didnt have that particular shade of beige. I suddenly stopped walking and looked down at all the stuff in my cart and felt a longing. I thought to myself, Is this it? Is this all there is to life? That Peggy Lee song came into my head: Is That All There Is? I just stood there, in that store, staring at all my stuff in the cart, and feeling a strong yearning to find a deeper meaning to life. I wasnt thinking to find God yet. I just wanted to know a deeper meaning to life. I couldnt believe that life was just about cooking dinners, buying bed linens and sending people greeting cards. I didnt realize then that I wanted to find God. The funny and ironic part of this story is that God planted this second seed (the first seed had to do with Rose Kennedys face, which Ill submit soon) at the store called Bed, Bath and BEYOND. A girlfriend brought this irony to my attention, which I didnt get at the time of the STE. At the moment that my STE occurred, I told myself that I was going to find a deeper meaning in life. My mood changed. I was now joyful and hopeful that I would find Meaning in life. I was a little excited by my new project.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2825,ADC,1562,35,,M,"Some days later of that incident I was aline in the kitchen. I was very disturbed and I was crying. I was alone. And with the eyes of mY maind I saw my parents coming to me. Right in front. Both of them. And they said you are our daugther, please forgive your brother they arr as floting and I cant see their foot.    ",,Costarica,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"0 24,999",maste,Housewi,,marri,marri,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2826,ADC,1460,50,,F,"In my dream, a woman was sitting on the floor. She appeared to be around late 60s/ early 70s. She was naked, sitting with her back to me initially and appeared to have burns over her body. She turned her head around and she had the face of one of my physiotherapy clients. At the same time I knew this woman wasnt my client, but I knew that by seeing the face of my client, that my friend knew this woman. I asked this woman her name and she said Beth. We then had a telepathic conversation in which she told me she was scared of passing over. She was scared of being burned, of going to Hell.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Physiot,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2827,ADC,1384,62,,F,"It was actually a communication with my dad who had passed a month earlier. He had alzheimers and was living a nightmare existence...feeling like he was in a house with strangers, and my mom, who was depressed and angry had no patience with him. I prayed that God would take him, and within a week he was dead. This was an ernest, heartfelt prayer.  I saw him in a dream, even though it seemed more real than a dream. I was suddenly in this beautiful place, like a picnic area. My dad was sitting with his back to me...looking like he did just before he died. I even noticed the curve in his spine that was so prominent due to age scoleosis. Suddenly, he got up, turned and he was around 30..incredibly young and handsome. I was taken back at his beautiful clear blue eyes, and his perfect skin.  He asked me how things were before he left. I told him it was awful, and that he had alzheimers and things be so very difficult for him and mom. Suddenly, he bent over and fluffed the hair on the top of my head, like he did when I was a little girl, and said Dont worry, Hon, things will be alright. I will never forget this dream...    ",,Citizen,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Library,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2828,DEE,1025,43,,F,    ,,U.S. citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Registe,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2829,ADC,1216,42,,F,n/a    ,,Natural b,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"0 24,999",High,stay at,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2830,ME ,1284,36,,F,"Synchronicity \xe2\x80\x93 This is my calling\xe2\x80\xa6Why the mental health system is antiquated, and why we need to stop pretending we\xe2\x80\x99re robots in a naturally spiritual world. After years of searching for my life purpose it was handed to me on a plate, quite literally from the Universe straight into my head, like a light bulb suddenly being switched on in a deep dark cave of confusion. Please don\xe2\x80\x99t lose me here, you may be thinking: \xe2\x80\x98so who are you and what do you know about re-evaluating the conceptual framework around mental illness or achieving universal peace?\xe2\x80\x99 That is exactly what I thought when the information came to me; I am no Professor or academic guru. That is the point, this has nothing to do with who I am, I have been given this message to prove that anybody of any intellect or social standing can tap into the psychic realm and see a universal truth; all you have to do is ask the question and then believe in the answer.  I have been told by spirit that the mental health system in our Western society desperately needs modifying in terms of spiritual experience. Mental distress is actually a fallacy of modern society which is ever increasing in line with consumerism and will continue to do so unless we acknowledge the problems we are creating. We must see mental distress of any kind with new eyes if human evolution is going to continue in the way it is meant. Mental distress originates in fear, a fear lodged in our past that we carry with us into the present, and project into the future, a destructive fear from which we can be free, individually, and so, universally. Now here\xe2\x80\x99s the irony:My fear of speaking out about this message and how it came to me \xe2\x80\x93 the message that it is fear that stops mankind achieving mental wellbeing, happiness and fundamentally Universal peace \xe2\x80\x93 nearly stopped me from following my path, after years of searching! I don\xe2\x80\x99t deny that I\xe2\x80\x99m not still scared, but what kind of hypocrite would I be if I were to tell everyone they didn\xe2\x80\x99t need to be scared, if I were too afraid to put my head above the parapet and risk being shot at? Before I had my \xe2\x80\x98experience\xe2\x80\x99 I knew nothing about spirituality, and even less about religion. So what happened was as incredulous to me as what you are going to read may sound to you! I have, however, always had good intuition and a kind of underlying \xe2\x80\x98knowing\xe2\x80\x99 since childhood that I\xe2\x80\x99ve been searching for something that was missing, like I always knew there was another dimension even though society and my education told me otherwise. I was about 12 when I read the book \xe2\x80\x98Utopia\xe2\x80\x99 and to me it was more than just fiction, it was a possibility. Now I don\xe2\x80\x99t just think it\xe2\x80\x99s achievable; I know how. It all happened when I had started to meditate at the same time as thinking more deeply about what to be \xe2\x80\x98mentally ill\xe2\x80\x99 actually means. I\xe2\x80\x99d worked within the field for long enough to know about academic theory; the nature / nurture argument and chemical imbalances. What was the truth? I started to question my own sanity, I have always been very sensitive and emotional; where do you draw the line? I am well aware that by writing this, that by voicing my beliefs that I have channelled a message from the spiritual realm, I could be seen by some working within the mental health field as being deluded or having experienced a psychotic episode. You may choose to believe that this is the rambling of an unstable mind, you may suggest that what I am saying is insane. I, however, now know that the real insanity would be for me to ignore such an important message. If I were to ignore it and deny myself my truth for fear of speaking out against a system, I know that I would become mentally distressed \xe2\x80\x93 and that is also proof enough for me to know that the message I have been given is the truth. Many people who try to speak out about their psychic experiences are told that what they are experiencing is not real; that they are \xe2\x80\x98mad\xe2\x80\x99. So either way, if somebody has a spiritual experience they are more than likely doomed to some form of mental distress, predominantly not from the experience itself, but from either repressing it due to fear, or from believing they are going \xe2\x80\x98mad\xe2\x80\x99 if they do dare to speak out because they are told that what is happening to them isn\xe2\x80\x99t real. The message I was given confirmed all of this. So I had been contemplating the true nature of mental illness, and whether indeed I was mentally unwell, and my brain went into overload so I decided I needed to try to relax. I went into a meditation and what I experi",,British,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,I have,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2831,ME ,1023,32,,M,"I went into a deep trance and saw a bright light. I heard an electronic hum. I then saw that the light was comming from 3 connected stars. the stars were connected by two tubes that ran from each star to the other two stars. The stars were in an equilateral triangle. I felt immense love, knowledge and perfection and felt that I understood everything. The message I got was that the world is perfect as it is and that is nothing you or I can do to add or subtract from this perfection.    ",,us    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,moder,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Enginee,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2832,ME ,1102,20,,F,"I felt the calm and reassuring presence of God. I did not actually see the Lord, but I felt a peace and calmness come over me, and I knew I should go ahead with my plans to try to go to medical school    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",docto,high sc,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2833,ME ,1550,62,,F,    ,,Canadian,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,yoga te,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
2834,DEE,1101,54,,F,"In the evening on Friday, after seeing my mother, I went to a small party I promised I would attend. I left the party at 9:30 and came home. As I was getting ready to go to bed, the light was on in my room, and in the outside hallway. My husband was standing on the other side of the bed, and I was planning my day in my head about which florist I would buy the flowers from. Out of the blue- and this is very difficult to describe-there was a presence that looked like the jet stream that comes from a squid. It looked powdery, or liquid, or smokey and was black, and it shot past the door, which had reflected light on it from the hallway. At the very same instant, a voice said to me, you need to let go, your mother is going to die tonight. I was stunned and turned around and put my hands to my face. What was most amazing was the authority that I could hear, but there was no audible voice. The command and presence of this visitor inspired my respect, but I felt its compassion. I tried to understand if it was male or female, and have often thought it might be male, but young. The next morning at 7:00, the board and care contacted me. My mom had died during the night.     ",,U.S. Citi,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,avera,avera,"50,000 99",colle,Adminis,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All distressing,adult
2835,ADC,1226,40,,F,    ,,United St,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",Some,mother,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2836,NDE,1140,25,,F,"Consumed with utter terror, my headlight showed the tops of large trees coming at me, way down below. I knew I was going to die. Right before I hit the forest canopy below, my consciousness totally shifted. Suddenly I felt total euphoria as I watched thousands of peoples faces fly through my consciousness...people I had encountered in my life. Then I was made aware that a male figure was showing me these things...showing me how beautiful my life had been. Communicating in a perfect, telepathic way, he showed me things about the world, such as a map of lights that looked like the U.S. at night from a plane. I understood that each light represented one person and the color denoted their state of happiness or unhappiness. He then tilted this map up so I could see it from the side, revealing that it was actually TWO maps that appeared as one when seen from above...one layer of spiritual beings on top interacting with the people down on Earth! I was consumed with the beauty of this. He then told me I had to go back, that I needed to stop being so shy and start opening myself up to people. I couldnt go back until I completed this. I did not want to return to Earth...I felt totally loved and welcomed back (it all was familiar...I even knew this figure!). The figure was male, pale, bald, and wore some kind of dark cloak. I knew him and loved him...it was so good to see him again and he me!! There were other figures doing things in the background. I learned that interactions with others are of tantamount importance in life here on Earth...even brief ones like the cashier at a store. I also was shown the extreme beauty of my life!!! We are of love, we must be open to offering love to each other. Oh-and there is no coincidence. Everything unfolds as its meant to.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Art Stu,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2837,ADC,1079,58,,M,"My wife of 35 years passed away unexpectedly in her sleep 8-5-11. 28 days after she left as I was laying in bed reading the bible, I turned out the light and heard her voice tell me she loved me and said I hope you fell better. I then felt a great rush of pure joy and love rush through my body. I was not completely asleep because I looked at the clock when I turned out the light and I looked also after she spoke to me and no time had passed.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,self em,,widow,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2838,NDA,1047,35,,M,"She was very weak, had stopped eating and couldnt swallow even an eyedropper of water. She slipped back and forth between consciousness and being non-responsive. the event began casually enough, with her periodically asking Who is that person across the room. Hospice warned me this could happen. Of course I would look and no one was there so I would say I dont know. After a couple more times of mentioning that people were standing across the room, they became closer. At one point, she saw 2 people standing right next to my sister at her bedside. My mom asked my sister Who is that? My sister asked Where? and my mom said Right beside you! Of course that totally creeped out my sister! Keep in mind that although Hospice had given her morphine which I was to deliver as needed, after the first and only time I gave it to my mom, after a few hours she woke up and asked me what I had given her. I told her morphine for the pain. She said They told me Im not supposed to take it so please dont give it to me again. I did not. So the incidents of her seeing people were becoming more frequent and she mentioned a Benjamin which my father said must have been one of her favorite distant relatives that had passed on well before I was born. He said my mother always had a connection with Benjamin in life and that they were good friends. She also saw both her parents and would carry on conversations with them. I would sit by her bedside, holding her hand and she would seem unresponsive yet mumbling as if she was talking to someone. At one point, she was talking to her deceased father, I guess, because my dad and I kept hearing the occasional Daddy come out of her mouth. All of a sudden her eyes would open and she would look directly at me and ask Can you please tell Daddy (or Aline her mother) to come back? I want to talk to them again. One morning, she asked me to go get my father, which I did. She said to him Joe I love you. He said I love you too. She said I dont know whether to LET them help me leave. (We knew she meant her parents and the others she had been talking to). My father asked If you went with them, would you be happy? She said OH YES! Then he said Well, then, you should go. Sometime after that point, they told her what time she would be departing. 1:30. We didnt know whether that meant AM or PM but her demeanor was one of anticipation. She was almost excited. She kept asking (felt like every 5 minutes) What time is it? What time is it now? What about now? Despite our grief, we had to chuckle at her reaction. After that, the next day the chaplin was scheduled to visit at 9:30 am. He called at 9:00 am to say he would be delayed. He told me he would be able to get there at 1;30 pm. the coincidence totally escaped me at that time. I walked into the bedroom and my mom perked up and asked Who was on the phone? (which by the way is really out-of-character for someone who is in a non-responsive state almost 24/7. At that point, she didnt even act as though she knew she was in her own bedroom). I told her it was the chaplin and that he would be there at 1:30 pm. She exclaimed HOW DOES HE KNOW? I had to laugh! I told her He doesnt think you are going to die at 1:30! Hes just late! (little did I know!) So, fast-forward to 1:00 pm. Tracy, the aide was with my mom and I had gone down to my house to bathe and change clothes. A very strong thought popped into my head GET DOWN THERE! I looked at the clock and it was 1:15 pm. My only thought at that point was that I didnt want to miss the chaplin. I ran down the street and met him on the sidewalk as he was leaving. After a brief exchange, I hurried into the bedroom whereby Tracy promptly grabbed me by the shirt and pulled me into the bathroom. Wide-eyed she said I just saw something! Ive never seen anything! I just saw a BIRD fly into your mothers hospital gown! It flew inside the fabric! I saw the gown billow up as it flew across her heart. Then it disappeared! I was speechless. I said come on! and we went back into the room. My mother was having trouble breathing and her lips where turning blue. I looked and Tracy and said this is it, isnt it? Very quickly, my moms skin flashed blue (anoxia?) yellow (jaundice?) then pink/grey again almost like technicolor and at the same time I could hear her lungs filling up with fluid very quickly. No longer able to take a breath, she quickly expired. It was 1:30 pm.    ",,US Citize,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2839,NDE,1262,24,,F,"I remember being in a long dark tunnel with white lights in the distance. The lights werent real lights but just a white glow at the end of this tunnel. A man was talking to me and he was standing on my left. I did not recognize him except to think that he looked like a football coach with a receding hairline and a whistle around his neck. He was heavy set in frame. He was saying to me, you cant stay here, you need to go back. And I was thinking, I dont want to go back, this feels so good! And I remember this feeling of utter euphoria. Better than any drug or high you could dream of! It was completely peaceful and filled with bliss!    ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,none,"100,000+",colle,Assista,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2840,ADC,1246,60,,F,"Details are above, but I learned that my gut was right...there is a much larger picture and we just dont know about it...my favorite saying is that we just dont know it all....and wont until will die.    ",,United St,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,moder,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Real Es,,marri,widow,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,senior
2841,ME ,1221,69,,F,"This mist continued to fill my hallway each night until on the 4th night I asked outloud, please show yourself to me, tell me who you are.  In my doorway midway down vertically and completely across the doorway horizontally appeared a band of shimmering, satiny white light which proceeded to make an arch like a path to the end of my bed where it stopped. The light was just as wide as the footboard of the bed in which I sleep.  I heard nothing, I smelt nothing and the light remained only seconds at the foot of my bed.    ",,citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Ordaine,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
2842,ADC,1316,27,,F,"I felt a presence in the room and looked to my left, my grandfather was standing in is grey work uniform, he was completely solid in appearance and looked like he always had. He smiled at me and then shifted his gaze to my boys on the floor, smiled and was gone.    ",,United St,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,moder,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Medical,,marri,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2843,ME ,1414,44,,F,"I felt a heavy melancholy settle within me. It felt like my stomach had dropped out, and I was filled with a large black empty feeling. It was so weird, I told my husband about it. I had never felt that way. The room seemed filled with a gauze of gray cloudiness, that I referred to as drear. I stopped &amp; thought, What is happening here? Then I realized my mother had died. The feeling was so overwhelming, I was sure she had died at that instant, &amp; made a mental note of the time. I had never had so deep a feeling in my life. I told my husband my mom had died. He did not question. He asked if I wanted to call home, &amp; I said, No shes dead. Theres nothing more to do. He asked if I wanted to stop in Rockford where my mom lived, on the way home to Chicago. I said, No. We went to the art fair in Madison as planned, and I slowly prepared myself for what was to come seeing my estranged family again. On the way home to Chicago, we stopped in Rockford for dinner. My husband asked if I wanted to call home or stop. No. I wanted to go home. I needed time.    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,jewelry,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
2844,ME ,1501,57,,F,"What I learned was that I can truly trust my intuition and feelings. If something doesnt feel right, it isnt.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Retired,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2845,ADC,1257,37,,F,"I felt sure and confident that it really was Christian talking to me in my thoughts. I was also a little intimidated by his expectation of me. I had never felt a strong compulsion to do something someone asked me to do. I felt at peace when it was over, but I also felt the weight of what I was asked to do.    ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Homemak,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2846,ADC,1364,25,,F,"I sat on the edge of the bed as Shawn tried to comfort me, my crying seemed to intensify with the downpour of the rain. I looked up at the ceiling in our bedroom asking God for a sign. I asked him as a Catholic, saying out loud: I have faith and I know they say he is in a better place, but I need MORE! I need PROOF that he is OKAY! And just as I shouted this at God a sudden loud bang and flash of white light filled the bedroom. Shawn and I physically jumped out of bed because the crash was so loud we thought the window was going to crash in on us. We looked at each other, puzzled. Was that for us? Because the timing was just as if God was answering my prayer. Just as that happened we began to calm down and the rain also subsided. I told Shawn that it felt like an answer from God and it was so strange. The next morning Shawn went out to our car that was parked on the street. He heard muffled music playing that grew louder as he got nearer. When he opened the car door the radio was blasting music very loud on my brothers favourite radio station. When Shawn tried to shut the radio off, it would not turn off, he had to pull the system out of its dock to make it turn off. The radio remained like that for years. The wires were fried because that night our building and our car was hit by lightening, the very lightening that crashed outside our window at the very moment I asked God for a sign / for proof that John was okay. That isnt the end of it. From then on it was like the floodgates had opened. I got all kinds of signs from John, all kinds of instances of after-death communication, including a full apparition, physical phenomenon, electronic phenomenon and I would like to share that all here. I could write my own book about all the signs John gave me and my family after his death. He loved us so much his love transcended death and the tragedy of his loss made it that much more important that he get through to us and let us know he was okay. And God made it possible for him to do that.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Teacher,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2847,OBE,1184,23,,F,"Please see above for details. I observed my body floating. When I would first know I was about to travel outside my body I would hear a humming sound. When evil came to me it would come in a buzzing sound and I would feel something biting at my back. I saw my husband once in an earlier life form. I think weve always been together. And, my most enduring memory which I can still feel somewhere deep inside is the presence of absolute goodness and love...God.    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,never,undec,very st,"100,000+",colle,governm,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2848,DEE,1368,41,,F,I had just settled into bed for approx. 15 minutes. My eyes were closed but I was awake. I saw a circle of bright light in the air. There was a male figure behind the light but I do not know who. The light started to dance in a circle. I watched in amazement yet my eyes were still closed. The circle of light began to move. This was my confirmation that I was awake and not dreaming or imagining as my mind went right into I wonder where it is going to go. I was anxious to see where the dancing circle of bright light was moving to. I watched intently. The light moved through my hand that was resting on my husbands stomach/chest and entered into my husband. I was awestruck and began to weep tears of (joy) for a lack of term. I did not tell my husband what I had experienced. The next day we had a scheduled appointment with a marriage counselor. The counselor started as always with Gene how do you feel. His answer confirmed what I had saw the night before. Gene ALWAYS would answer with fine or good. This time is answer was I feel more spiritual. My jaw dropped and I then explained to the counselor and my husband what had happened the night before.    ,,U.S. Citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2849,ME ,1122,23,,M,"When I began to read the bible, not much made sense, but as I came to the 14th verse I instantly knew before I read the verse that this was my answer. As I began to read each word it was though heaven opened up. All I could say was yes...as the words came part of my being...I have written to you, young men, Because you are strong, and the word of God lives in you, and you have overcome the evil one. A river of unconditional love began to flow through the top of my head and completely washed into my body. I began to cry for joy. It was so holy and so far beyond my human conception that I felt I was going to die because it was just to holy to bare. I instantly understood that I was a child of God, completely loved and accepted. No longer was God some idea up in heaven, but was part of me. I also felt as though God had always been with me and it was I who was not searching. I was now completely free as though released from a prison and now my life is beginning. I had no more fear of death and knew that God really existed and there is an afterlife. And that the God who I grew up with was not judgmental but all loving.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2850,ADC,1483,52,,M,"It lasted an instant. I sat up expecting to see my mother walking toward me from the kitchen, then fully woke and remembered that she was in the hospital. I brushed off the incident and went back to sleep.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,dail,week,undec,littl,"100,000+",docto,attorne,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2851,NDE,1331,12,,M,"I was bleeding internally after my tonsiectomy and threw up 2 quarts of blood. In the emergency room I barely could stay awake and just wanted to so badly sleep. As the rushed me into the OR I passed out. Next morning I awoke and never felt better. Then I got the details from my mom that it took 3 Dr.s and 3 interns to hold me down because I was thrashing about while they attempted to give me the transfusion. I then remembered seeing myself in the bed as this all happened but I saw it from above and saw my mom crying as the Priest read me last rites. Then I started to rise away from the scene and the white light appeared like a brightly lit hallway. As I moved through it the bright light gave way to an open non descript colorless area and there was my Grandpa. I ran up to him and hugged him around his waist and he patted me on the head as he said so good to see you Jay. I just started rattling off all the things we would do, go fishing etc. and he looked down and me and smiled as he listened to my enthusiastic descriptions. He held my hand and squatted down and said son...not now, not yet, you have to go back to your mother and be there for her and you have so much more to do yet before we can be together. And then I started to fade away from him as he waved. that was it.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Child,,single,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,youth
2852,NDE,1513,17,,M,Remember seeing a light at the end of a tunnel    ,,US/UK joi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,undec,littl,"0 24,999",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,youth
2853,ADC,1203,40,,F,"He looked at me and said Hey, Lis. I jut stood there, did not step any closer toward the car. He was the only one who called me Lis. I said hi back to him. he said he wanted to thank me for all the prayers and that he was ok now. he said did I know he would have been 50? I said I didnt realize that but I was 40 now and I know he was 10 years older. I felt surprised to see him. he looked so good, happy and healthy. he hadnt looked like that when he died.    ",,I am an A,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,Nursw,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2854,DEE,1062,39,,F,"My first memory after the surgery was awakening in a very dark room and I was completely worn out from being cold. I was still shivering and all I could think about was being warm again. I was in a warming-type tube that was pumping hot air to warm me up. I have no idea of the time or how long I was drifting in and out of sleep. As I was lying there freezing &amp; shivering, I clearly remember that while my eyes were closed the light came on in the room. Instantly I was warm. I remember thinking, oh wow, I am finally warm. I was so relaxed and relieved to not be shivering. I was literally lying there basking in this warm light feeling so wonderful! At some point my logical side asked the question of who turned on the light? When I opened my eyes the entire room was filled with a brilliant light. What I remember very well was that this light although very bright, did not hurt my eyes. The light was beautiful, peaceful, pure. It is difficult to have the proper adjectives to describe this light. At some point I began looking around the room. Sitting at the foot of my bed was the figure of a man. I could not see his face as the light appeared to be radiating from behind Him. I knew without a doubt that this man was someone very important and spiritual. I felt no fear and had complete understanding at the time that I was in the presence of someone from heaven. Without speaking the way we do here on earth, He spoke to me. He said 4 very clear sentences to me. 1. You are going to be alright. 2. I have work for you to do. (I then asked, What kind of work? I will do anything.) 3. In My own time. 4. Now rest my child. It seemed that within a few seconds after the final message, the light went away and I immediately began shivering again and was cold.  I glanced over at my sleeping husband and said, did you see him? He looked at me as if I were crazy. I remember thinking that I had dreamt this but it was so very real, so physical and so peaceful. I was unable to really talk about this experience for a very long time. When I was able to share it, it was very, very emotional for me. I felt unworthy of this visit. Why me?  I also felt a profound peace concerning death. I knew without a shadow of a doubt that what I experienced was real and that when I did die, I would be going to a wonderful place where I would always be warm.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Biology,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2855,ME ,1345,31,,M,"Then,1st day of programme,after about an hour,Time was around 1900 hrs IST, Our teacher talked about how OM is a sound resonating in universe,and it didnt make any sense to me.She asked us to close eyes and slowly say OM. When I slowly said OMwith closed eyes,I felt a tinkling of energy,starting around Navel area,going through Chest,and ending somewhere in Head.It felt wonderful. She asked us to repeat,2nd time when I said OM,Suddenly,in less than a fraction of second,It occured to me that this is a vibratory energy everything is made of,and a sudden ecstasy/happiness dawned on me. I was feeling elated,wonderful in knowing that it is just ONE in universe. When I walked out of classroom,took out my car keys,saw that energy in keys,in car,on road,in people walking on road,on trees, in distant stars, I could actually see Energy falling from sky,and as clearly as we see rain. I was ecstatic/on peak of happiness,it was like I will burst with happiness. I was driving alone,in ecstasy, decided to stop my car at a corner.I stopped my car,and just sat there for 15-20 minutes,and during those 15-20 minutes,I could Actually See my thoughts floating around my head, as clearly as we see birds flying, and suddenly it occured that These thoughts were not mine, These thoughts are not me, this mind is not me,I am something other than Thoughts and mind, and there was no doubt left,as I saw my thoughts as clearly as birds flying. I was overjoyed/ecstatic/passing peak of happiness/bursting with happiness,and I remained in this mood for about 22 days. I couldnt sleep with ecstasy.    ",,Indian,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Hindu,Hindu,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",maste,Navigat,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2856,ME ,1501,57,,F,"What I learned was that I can truly trust my intuition and feelings. If something doesnt feel right, it isnt.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Retired,,divor,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2857,DEE,1358,19,,M,In my first reported STE I report that I asked God for help regarding what action I should take next relating to my stand against the war I Viet Nam. This STE brings the Voices reply full circle. Together we have concluded the military experience and launched into a life altering relationship that could be very helpful to me in bringing greater peace to our world. I felt this Voice thing had great possibilities and was well worth further exploration. I still feel that way.    ,,US citize,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2858,ME ,1029,49,,F,"I pulled onto the Interstate and slid into the left lane. The car in front of me was a red convertible and as I pulled closer I realized that I knew by the vanity plates who the person was driving the car. The plates were HOJO2 and I knew that was the owner of the Howard Johnson Hotel who we knew socially. Then a voice spoke to me and gave me instructions and reasons why all at the same time and in just a few seconds I had been told what I had to do to be safe. The voice explained that the car was about to go got of control and speed into the center median. Then the person driving would over-correct and speed across the interstate in front of me just in time for me to T-bone the car and kill both of us. The voice told me to simply take my foot off the gas and coast...that would slow my car enough to avoid hitting the car and the semis behind me would not hit me. Just exactly as the instructions were completed I took my foot off the gas and the entire scene played out before me. The car started running off to the left into the median kicking grass up and speeding toward the steel barrier...at 1st I thought it would be sliced in 2 right down the middle, but then the driver began to swerve back into my lane. He cut across 2 lanes...and because I had already slowed down ...he missed me by inches...clipped the car behind me and to my right and slammed into the guard-rail on the other side of the interstate.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Sales,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2859,NDE,1140,25,,F,"Consumed with utter terror, my headlight showed the tops of large trees coming at me, way down below. I knew I was going to die. Right before I hit the forest canopy below, my consciousness totally shifted. Suddenly I felt total euphoria as I watched thousands of peoples faces fly through my consciousness...people I had encountered in my life. Then I was made aware that a male figure was showing me these things...showing me how beautiful my life had been. Communicating in a perfect, telepathic way, he showed me things about the world, such as a map of lights that looked like the U.S. at night from a plane. I understood that each light represented one person and the color denoted their state of happiness or unhappiness. He then tilted this map up so I could see it from the side, revealing that it was actually TWO maps that appeared as one when seen from above...one layer of spiritual beings on top interacting with the people down on Earth! I was consumed with the beauty of this. He then told me I had to go back, that I needed to stop being so shy and start opening myself up to people. I couldnt go back until I completed this. I did not want to return to Earth...I felt totally loved and welcomed back (it all was familiar...I even knew this figure!). The figure was male, pale, bald, and wore some kind of dark cloak. I knew him and loved him...it was so good to see him again and he me!! There were other figures doing things in the background. I learned that interactions with others are of tantamount importance in life here on Earth...even brief ones like the cashier at a store. I also was shown the extreme beauty of my life!!! We are of love, we must be open to offering love to each other. Oh-and there is no coincidence. Everything unfolds as its meant to.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Art Stu,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2860,DEE,1272,64,,F,"Hank and I vacationed every June at a resort in Lenox, Massachusetts. It was a week-long event that offered workshops to the many people who returned year after year.  For four years I gave a workshop called Conversations About God. This open forum invited people to talk about how they felt about God and about their spiritual experiences. It was not about religion, only God. We talked about the signs we received from God and about miracles we saw or heard in our personal lives. My goal for this workshop was for us to get close to God and to connect with each other. On Friday, June 26, 2009 at 1:45pm, I went to a room to conduct my workshop which was to start at 2:00. I was standing by the rooms door waiting to greet people as they arrived. A man walked up to me. He was a large man, about 62. He had white hair nicely styled...bald on top, longish on the bottom. He wore a geometric-designed tent garment that covered him from neck to knee. His face was clean-shaven with pink shiny cheeks. He had this powerful and pleasant look on his face. But I was struck by his face because it was glowing. There was an unmistakable glow coming from his face, as if a light was on inside his head. I could see that the glow was of a spiritual nature. I couldnt stop staring at his face and its glow. I asked this man if he was a minister. I was wondering if he was coming to my workshop for personal or professional reasons. He was friendly and said that he wasnt a minister but that he came for personal reasons. We chatted lightly while waiting for the rest of the people. Normally about 20-25 people came to my workshop but it was 2:00 and no one else showed up. We went inside and I set up chairs in a circle. One other man came. He was a regular participant who lived in Boston. We were friendly and teased each other because he was a Red Sox fan and I was a Yankees fan. By 2:10 I could see no one else was coming. I thought it was strange. Not even my husband Hank came that day and he came to all my other workshops. This man and I immediately locked into each other, talking. I dont really remember all that we talked about. That part of the conversation was blocked from my mind. The Boston man tried to talk with us but we totally ignored him, though not with malice, so he got up and left. The man and I continued our conversation. Then this stranger said to me, Youre an E.T. Master. I looked at him for a long while. I took him seriously, thats the strange part. Whats an E.T.? I was scared to ask this question because I kind of knew what ET meant and I was afraid to hear him say those words. He paused, staring at me, You know, an extraterrestrial. My spirit and my eyes were locked with his spirit and his eyes. Oh, I think I said. Im an Angel, he matter-of-factly said to me. I believed him. I believed everything he was telling me. I wasnt afraid of him and I didnt think he was crazy. I trusted and totally believed this total stranger. Thats whats so strange. I didnt even want to come up here, he said. I have work to do and a wife and children back home in Texas. I wasnt even planning to come to your workshop. I was sleeping but a loud noise woke me up so I looked on the agenda to see what workshops were scheduled. I saw your workshop and decided to come. Now I know I was sent here to see you. Whats your name? I asked. You can call me Fred. What work do you do? Im a CPA. What am I supposed to do? What are you saying to me? I dont understand. Are there books I should read? He looked away from me and said: You will be meeting people. They will show you the way. I dont remember what else we talked about in the one to two hours we talked. But I do remember that I was spiritually locked into him, like I was spiritually locked into the glow and cross and the ghost. He got up to leave and said goodbye. I said goodbye but I didnt get up. I couldnt get up. I was just sitting there, numb-like, just staring ahead. He stopped and turned around, Are you okay? Yes, Im okay, was all I could say. I sat alone in the room not really thinking about anything. Then I returned to Hank, told him a little bit about my unusual workshop but I didnt tell him then what Fred said to me. Later that night I saw Fred one more time at a dance our event put on. As soon as I saw him I went over to give him a big hug and a kiss on the cheek and I said thank you. He smiled. He didnt say anything, though. We parted and I went back to Hank and we danced the night away. I remember looking for Fred in the dance room but I never saw him again. I regret not knowing his last name or not asking for his contact information. I tried to find out more about him so I could contact him but the organizers of the event couldnt help me without a last name. When the event was over, my husband and I returned home and I waited for these people I was su",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2861,NDA,1179,16,,F,"I saw the stars in the universe flash past me as I was speeding away leaving the earth, to hear a voice telling me It was not my time, I have important things to do. I still wonder if I need to do more to complete the important things somehow.    ",,USA    Q.,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,avera,avera,"25,000 49",some,High sc,,single,single,Yes,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2862,OBE,1286,17,,M,"Regained awareness as two classmates were supporting me on their shoulders across the road that separated the school from the hospital. I was floating about 10 metres above my body, looking down at my friends and my body My pride hurt at being carried, I insisted I could walk perfectly well on my own and crossed the road on my own, before losing consciousness again I could see the roof tiles of the hospital from the angle that you would expect when at the same height as the roof, and the tops of my friends heads. The experience was ecstatic and there was a feeling of there being nothing to worry about and that I was loved unconditionally    ",,British,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",some,Student,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2863,NDA,1306,30,,F,I broke down in tears and had an overwhelming sense that I was where I needed to be and that everything was finally going to be okay.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",some,Tattoo,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2864,DEE,1025,43,,F,    ,,U.S. citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Registe,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2865,ME ,1481,42,,F,Please see earlier description. I learnt that there is a higher power and that i am spirit and not just a body. That i have a ego/personality side and a higher self which connected during the STE. That our reality is multidimensional and there are other dimensions apart from the 3rd dimension.    ,,Australia,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2866,DEE,1425,33,,M,"I awake to nothing. No body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space: no near, no far, no light or dark. No heat, no cold. No emotion: no joy, no fear. Just calm awareness in a gray void. A moment / eternity passes. Light! A brilliant sun! And with it, darkness: the fullness of empty space. A small human figure stands in silhouette. My consciousness shifts. I become the figure; a human body standing in space before a radiant globe. I feel! I am bathed in intense light and heat; light and heat so intense that if I were in a physical form I would be vaporized. I am engulfed by boundless, infinite energy; overwhelming energy. Another shift in perception: energy becomes love. Energy and love are the same. Energy is love. I am embraced and cradled: infolded by a boundless field of energy/love, love which is personal yet vast beyond comprehension. I am seen; seen through. The barriers and masks that we construct to present an idealized persona to the world are blown away. Though the experience is veiled to me I perceive that my life in its naked reality is being lived and fully comprehended by a conscious presence. There is no judgment. My being with all its shortcomings, failures, and rough edges is unconditionally accepted, loved, and cherished. I become aware that what had first appeared like a sun is un-like anything from ordinary reality. I am in the presence of a radiant, fluid luminosity. An amalgam of water and light is the best approximation I can think of. The sense of being before a conscious presence intensifies. My mind buzzes with the desire to hold It, to explain and contain It with my thought. The more I grasp, however, the more It slips away. It cannot be grasped or named. I give up, let go, and allow myself to simply rest with It. With this shift from desire/grasping to acceptance I am permeated by light. In a blaze, the dark husk of my body flakes away. I become light. I am one with the light. I am the light, a fluid, radiant luminosity. I have no body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space. I am calm awareness in a radiantly luminous field of joyfully dancing light. A moment / eternity passes. I find myself with a luminous body. A thought is expressed without words: approach your live with joy and gratitude; compassion and acceptance. A cosmic chuckle: clear-eyed and hard-nosed. I am laughed at/with. \xe2\x80\x9cDon\xe2\x80\x99t take your self so seriously\xe2\x80\x9d rings in my mind. As I turn from the light a frigorific presence rushes from behind and past my left ear. It is a transparent nothingness consuming all energy in its path. It radiates a cold animus and an implacable will to be separate; to differentiate. As it rushes past an iron darkness warps around me. It fuses to me and I become dark and solid. I awake to an ordinary day.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,Archite,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2867,OBE,1477,53,,M,"Lets take a trip......this is not any trip, this is my trip and it happened the night or second night home from the hospital. I began traveling through a darkness. It is BLACK! no stars, no planets, no lights, NOTHING! Void. A black hole I dont know what else to call it. Except in a very, very, very far distance is a very small gold and I mean GOLD light flickering like a candle or generator running off cycle or something. I began to get closer and closer. The GOLD light grew larger and larger and closer and closer. As I got close enough I could tell what looked like a snow globe or very lucent clear crystal ball and this GOLD light was inside this globe. As I got closer I could tell inside this globe were what looked like stars. Sort of looking into the sky from earth. But inside this globe these stars were very bright or a crystal or bright white. It is nothing I have ever seen before or can compare to it. There were no bright and dim stars, they were all the same. In this middle was this Golf glowing light. I did not go inside this and was kept at a distance hanging out in this blackness. On the way all I could feel is a state of AWE! no words, just a beyond any middle boggling experience anyone could have imagined. On this travel it was like your mind is wondering out there and focused on this GOLD light thinking what is going on?. Getting closer to this globe I noticed I began getting messages or bits of information or something that seem to be sending these messages to me. These messages begin telling me some things I need to work on. Which I did not understand at all. I am beginning to get a better understanding each day since. There were many messages or I guess even judgements that I received in which stated I did or just point out or something (still processing) but three Primary things I need to do before I am to enter or go to or inside this globe. There is way too much for me to put onto here. All I know is I was told to do this. One of my things is that I am to teach, speak, talk about Forgiveness. As this is one of my things I have to do and that is because this is the best way to learn it. This is all for now as I need to go rest. (try to sleep). I really cannot put into words what happened but it was very real to me. I was not on any drugs these nights and am not now either. I cant stand the pain drugs, although I know many wanting them. This was one week out of surgery when this travel happened. I had two profound experiences in the hospital which I am finding out stuff now and it is no words to describe.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Junio,Large d,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2868,ADC,1539,20,,F,"I awoke to find the car slowing on an exit ramp. The car stopped gently just in front of my grandfather, who stood with his hand out to stop it. Although I never met my grandfather he died before I was born I immediately recognized him. I smelled a distinctive smell very clean with a slight tang of either a spicy aftershave or pipe tobacco, like the really nice scent you may experience passing a fine tobacconists shop. My mother later told me that is what my grandfather smelled like. He stopped the car my feet were not on any pedals, nor was I still steering. He looked me in the eye and I heard a clear voice but inside my head, not through my ears telling me to pull into the parking lot and take a nap. He told me not to think about setting an alarm and that I would wake up when I was sufficiently rested to drive again. He also said to eat a decent breakfast before leaving, and told me exactly where to park just outside the diner in what he called a safe spot. He said he would get us home safely but that I was never to attempt to drive straight through again.    ",,Native bo,"100,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,College,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2869,DEE,1168,8,,F,"She told me some scary things were about to come but wouldnt say what. Just that it may seem dark but there is love in the darkness. I must know I am safe and I am loved. It was like a lullaby, there is nothing to fear, you are in our arms. We are watching over you always.    ",,Citizen,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Childho,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2870,DEE,1272,64,,F,"Hank and I vacationed every June at a resort in Lenox, Massachusetts. It was a week-long event that offered workshops to the many people who returned year after year.  For four years I gave a workshop called Conversations About God. This open forum invited people to talk about how they felt about God and about their spiritual experiences. It was not about religion, only God. We talked about the signs we received from God and about miracles we saw or heard in our personal lives. My goal for this workshop was for us to get close to God and to connect with each other. On Friday, June 26, 2009 at 1:45pm, I went to a room to conduct my workshop which was to start at 2:00. I was standing by the rooms door waiting to greet people as they arrived. A man walked up to me. He was a large man, about 62. He had white hair nicely styled...bald on top, longish on the bottom. He wore a geometric-designed tent garment that covered him from neck to knee. His face was clean-shaven with pink shiny cheeks. He had this powerful and pleasant look on his face. But I was struck by his face because it was glowing. There was an unmistakable glow coming from his face, as if a light was on inside his head. I could see that the glow was of a spiritual nature. I couldnt stop staring at his face and its glow. I asked this man if he was a minister. I was wondering if he was coming to my workshop for personal or professional reasons. He was friendly and said that he wasnt a minister but that he came for personal reasons. We chatted lightly while waiting for the rest of the people. Normally about 20-25 people came to my workshop but it was 2:00 and no one else showed up. We went inside and I set up chairs in a circle. One other man came. He was a regular participant who lived in Boston. We were friendly and teased each other because he was a Red Sox fan and I was a Yankees fan. By 2:10 I could see no one else was coming. I thought it was strange. Not even my husband Hank came that day and he came to all my other workshops. This man and I immediately locked into each other, talking. I dont really remember all that we talked about. That part of the conversation was blocked from my mind. The Boston man tried to talk with us but we totally ignored him, though not with malice, so he got up and left. The man and I continued our conversation. Then this stranger said to me, Youre an E.T. Master. I looked at him for a long while. I took him seriously, thats the strange part. Whats an E.T.? I was scared to ask this question because I kind of knew what ET meant and I was afraid to hear him say those words. He paused, staring at me, You know, an extraterrestrial. My spirit and my eyes were locked with his spirit and his eyes. Oh, I think I said. Im an Angel, he matter-of-factly said to me. I believed him. I believed everything he was telling me. I wasnt afraid of him and I didnt think he was crazy. I trusted and totally believed this total stranger. Thats whats so strange. I didnt even want to come up here, he said. I have work to do and a wife and children back home in Texas. I wasnt even planning to come to your workshop. I was sleeping but a loud noise woke me up so I looked on the agenda to see what workshops were scheduled. I saw your workshop and decided to come. Now I know I was sent here to see you. Whats your name? I asked. You can call me Fred. What work do you do? Im a CPA. What am I supposed to do? What are you saying to me? I dont understand. Are there books I should read? He looked away from me and said: You will be meeting people. They will show you the way. I dont remember what else we talked about in the one to two hours we talked. But I do remember that I was spiritually locked into him, like I was spiritually locked into the glow and cross and the ghost. He got up to leave and said goodbye. I said goodbye but I didnt get up. I couldnt get up. I was just sitting there, numb-like, just staring ahead. He stopped and turned around, Are you okay? Yes, Im okay, was all I could say. I sat alone in the room not really thinking about anything. Then I returned to Hank, told him a little bit about my unusual workshop but I didnt tell him then what Fred said to me. Later that night I saw Fred one more time at a dance our event put on. As soon as I saw him I went over to give him a big hug and a kiss on the cheek and I said thank you. He smiled. He didnt say anything, though. We parted and I went back to Hank and we danced the night away. I remember looking for Fred in the dance room but I never saw him again. I regret not knowing his last name or not asking for his contact information. I tried to find out more about him so I could contact him but the organizers of the event couldnt help me without a last name. When the event was over, my husband and I returned home and I waited for these people I was su",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2871,NDE,1066,24,,F,"Suddenly I realized that I was someplace other than earth. I was not scared at all. It was dark, but peaceful I felt as if I was being held in the arms of Jesus. I was told (not verbally/audibly, but there was a consious awareness of communication, and understanding, perhaps telepathic) that I was loved. In this darkness I felt every cell of my body bathed in peace and love and comfort. No pain, not a euphoria, but just simply wonderful. It felt so good. But then I realized I had a choice to move forward to (I assumed heaven) or go back to where I had been. As good as this place made me feel, I thought about how cute my new baby sone was and how I wanted to be his mother. As soon as my choice was clear, I felt my self beamed back instantly to the hospital bed. I remember saying to the nurses, Im back. I was too weak to open my eyes, but KNEW I had been elsewhere and now was not only back on earth, but back for a long time.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Recepti,,marri,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2872,DEE,1457,23,,F,"I learned on that day, we dont know what is really going on around us. That when we die or close to dying profound things shift.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,I just,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2873,DEE,1214,69,,M,I did that in question #43. I learned that when this is finished refers to something that I do not know nor do I know what the the when means.  I know that I continue in the physical suffering.    ,,"Citizen,",1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Ordaine,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
2874,ME ,1494,41,,F,"I was extremely relaxed and focussed on the tree I was drawing. I looked up and viewed the scene beyond my tree very large weeping willow trees in the distance, flowers and plants in front of them. The willow trees were gently blowing in the breeze. I just suddenly experienced this intense awareness/knowledge/feeling that everything in the universe was part of one whole, that everything was connected to everything else, and that everything was just the way it was supposed to be. It is very difficult to put this into words. It wasnt an awareness that dawned on me slowly. It occurred instantly, and in that moment of insight, I understood that everything in the universe was as it should be, and that everything was alright. I felt intense peace and in awe of G-ds majesty. I call this my G-d moment. It only lasted a few moments, seconds. But it left me feeling more peaceful than at any other time in my life.    ",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,littl,"100,000+",docto,Dentist,,divor,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2875,DEE,1213,69,,M,See item 25    ,,US citize,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,I am re,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2876,ADC,1445,27,,F,I awoke in a lot of pain and saw an orb like light that immediately came to me and helped ease my pain it told me that everything would be okay and not to worry. It didnt really speak it told me telepathically and I immediately thought it was my Grandfather. The orb soothed my pain and I feel asleep. I woke the next day knowing it was not a dream. When I went to the doctor they told my there was no heartbeat of the baby anymore and later told me I may contract Cancer. I was never afraid because I knew my grandfather took my baby to heaven and that I would be okay.    ,,citizen,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",Some,Secreta,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2877,ADC,1347,32,,F,see above    ,,legal,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",maste,Social,,marri,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
2878,ME ,1029,49,,F,"I pulled onto the Interstate and slid into the left lane. The car in front of me was a red convertible and as I pulled closer I realized that I knew by the vanity plates who the person was driving the car. The plates were HOJO2 and I knew that was the owner of the Howard Johnson Hotel who we knew socially. Then a voice spoke to me and gave me instructions and reasons why all at the same time and in just a few seconds I had been told what I had to do to be safe. The voice explained that the car was about to go got of control and speed into the center median. Then the person driving would over-correct and speed across the interstate in front of me just in time for me to T-bone the car and kill both of us. The voice told me to simply take my foot off the gas and coast...that would slow my car enough to avoid hitting the car and the semis behind me would not hit me. Just exactly as the instructions were completed I took my foot off the gas and the entire scene played out before me. The car started running off to the left into the median kicking grass up and speeding toward the steel barrier...at 1st I thought it would be sliced in 2 right down the middle, but then the driver began to swerve back into my lane. He cut across 2 lanes...and because I had already slowed down ...he missed me by inches...clipped the car behind me and to my right and slammed into the guard-rail on the other side of the interstate.    ",,American,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,Sales,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2879,NDE,1331,12,,M,"I was bleeding internally after my tonsiectomy and threw up 2 quarts of blood. In the emergency room I barely could stay awake and just wanted to so badly sleep. As the rushed me into the OR I passed out. Next morning I awoke and never felt better. Then I got the details from my mom that it took 3 Dr.s and 3 interns to hold me down because I was thrashing about while they attempted to give me the transfusion. I then remembered seeing myself in the bed as this all happened but I saw it from above and saw my mom crying as the Priest read me last rites. Then I started to rise away from the scene and the white light appeared like a brightly lit hallway. As I moved through it the bright light gave way to an open non descript colorless area and there was my Grandpa. I ran up to him and hugged him around his waist and he patted me on the head as he said so good to see you Jay. I just started rattling off all the things we would do, go fishing etc. and he looked down and me and smiled as he listened to my enthusiastic descriptions. He held my hand and squatted down and said son...not now, not yet, you have to go back to your mother and be there for her and you have so much more to do yet before we can be together. And then I started to fade away from him as he waved. that was it.    ",,Citizen,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Child,,single,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,youth
2880,ADC,1364,25,,F,"I sat on the edge of the bed as Shawn tried to comfort me, my crying seemed to intensify with the downpour of the rain. I looked up at the ceiling in our bedroom asking God for a sign. I asked him as a Catholic, saying out loud: I have faith and I know they say he is in a better place, but I need MORE! I need PROOF that he is OKAY! And just as I shouted this at God a sudden loud bang and flash of white light filled the bedroom. Shawn and I physically jumped out of bed because the crash was so loud we thought the window was going to crash in on us. We looked at each other, puzzled. Was that for us? Because the timing was just as if God was answering my prayer. Just as that happened we began to calm down and the rain also subsided. I told Shawn that it felt like an answer from God and it was so strange. The next morning Shawn went out to our car that was parked on the street. He heard muffled music playing that grew louder as he got nearer. When he opened the car door the radio was blasting music very loud on my brothers favourite radio station. When Shawn tried to shut the radio off, it would not turn off, he had to pull the system out of its dock to make it turn off. The radio remained like that for years. The wires were fried because that night our building and our car was hit by lightening, the very lightening that crashed outside our window at the very moment I asked God for a sign / for proof that John was okay. That isnt the end of it. From then on it was like the floodgates had opened. I got all kinds of signs from John, all kinds of instances of after-death communication, including a full apparition, physical phenomenon, electronic phenomenon and I would like to share that all here. I could write my own book about all the signs John gave me and my family after his death. He loved us so much his love transcended death and the tragedy of his loss made it that much more important that he get through to us and let us know he was okay. And God made it possible for him to do that.     ",,Canadian,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",colle,Teacher,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2881,ME ,1481,42,,F,Please see earlier description. I learnt that there is a higher power and that i am spirit and not just a body. That i have a ego/personality side and a higher self which connected during the STE. That our reality is multidimensional and there are other dimensions apart from the 3rd dimension.    ,,Australia,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2882,DEE,1441,31,,F,see above.    ,,us    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",colle,embroid,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2883,ME ,1116,34,,F,Please see earlier summary.    ,,USA/Brazi,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,very strong,none,"100,000+",maste,Wall St,,marri,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,adult
2884,ME ,1219,5,,M,"A small room in the basement of my parents friends house in the suburbs of LaPorte, IN. My parents friends 5 year old son went downstairs to the basement to play and I followed him. He went into a small room and I followed him. The rights side of the room was filled with clouds or dense fog with bright beaming lights. My friend then went into the fog and disappeared. He told me he would be right back. I tried to follow him but was held back by an invisible force. I heard animal sounds, like horses an elephants. I waited basically frozen, then he reappeared and walked out of the clouds and we exited the room.    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,moder,moder,"50,000 99",maste,I was a,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2885,NDE,1197,17,,F,"I was standing by the deep end of the pool, when a boy from the football team tackled me and sent me to the bottom of the pool. As I sat on the bottom of the pool, the Virgin Mary appeared to my on my right hand side. She was bathed in a pure, light with soft cream and blue colors. She spoke to me with out words, she said.. relax, it is not your time to go yet. I felt peace, love, calmness..    ",,USA    Q.,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2886,DEE,1213,69,,M,See item 25    ,,US citize,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,I am re,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2887,NDE,1117,30,,M,"I was walking along a road. It was not paved, but a gravel path, very nicely maintained with beautiful flowers along the sides. The road started in a valley and went up a hill towards a very beautiful mansion or palace with a gate in front of it. It was far off in the distance from where I began to walk, I can\xe2\x80\x99t say how far exactly. On either side of the road, the land sloped away sharply, like going off a cliff, so if one fell off the road, one would land in a deep, dark pit. From the pit one could hear sounds of agony, wailing, and lamenting from human beings who were down there. Some tried to claw their way up and grab at me on the road, but I knew they could not actually reach me. I was a little afraid at first, as I knew this to be the pit of hell. The road was not narrow, however, so there was no danger of me falling off the road. I began walking towards the gate, all the while the lost souls wailing until I got near to the gate. Close to the gate, they were no longer around. The mansion was very beautiful. The whole environment was other-worldly, somehow glittering and radiant. I knew I was on another plane, no longer on Earth. I could hear the gentle music of stringed instruments in the background, very soothing and lovely. Eventually I started nearing the gate of the mansion or palace. The mansion was actually quite far from the gate, but one could see radiant beings behind the gate going about their daily activities. Some were carrying baskets with flowers and all were going about their daily routine. There was complete unity and love there, unlike the way people on Earth behave. It was serene and peaceful, just a wonderful place, and I really wanted so much to go inside. There were four winged angels guarding the gate on the outside, two on each side, and as I approached, they moved together and crossed their arms, blocking my entry. They were radiant beings, clearly not human. They were so very kind, but were not going to let me in, although they did not say anything to that effect. There was so much joy and peace there, I tried to get by them, when a group of beings from inside approached the gate to talk to me. An elderly \xe2\x80\x9cgentleman\xe2\x80\x9d (not a human being) with white hair spoke to me. Although he was right in front of me, his voice sounded like he was very, very far away. It was almost like I was hearing an echo of something said in the distance. He said I would be there at a point in time, but not yet, that my mission was incomplete and that I still had a lot more to accomplish. He was very kind and spoke gently to me, absolutely convincing me that I could not get in. Until this moment, I had really not thought about anything relating to my earthly life, although I knew who I was. I was dressed as I was the day of the accident. When he told me that I could not enter, only then did I start to try to think about what had really happened to me and what was going on. I thought it odd that I was the only person around and there were no dogs or other animals. As I was considering all this, I left that place. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know if I actually regained consciousness at that precise moment, but I suspect I did. I did not recognize any people whom I knew previously who had died. I also did not know any of the people in the pit.    ",,Ghana,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,I was a,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2888,OBE,1346,4,,M,"This seemed very natural, again no big deal  I thought that floating was more fun than just walking, so I concluded that I would run or float everywhere. You know, normal, Thats when the guide reminded me of my body, The guide was like a voice but from behind me and just a few feet above me.    ",,usa    Q.,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"100,000+",colle,none,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
2889,ME ,1145,59,,F,"Through all my experiences I have learned that my true family of support resides on the other side of the veil. I feel that is our true home and that as developing souls we come here to this earth into this body to learn and develop our souls. We make contracts with souls on the other side to meet here in specific environments and situations to learn from each other. It is somewhat life being sent off to boarding school. Once we learn our lessons we go back home to the other side. We dont always learn our lessons, sometimes we opt out of our lessons and need to keep coming back until we learn and finish that lesson.    ",,US    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",colle,Speech,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2890,ME ,1204,25,,M," I was so overcome by all of this and feeling so ecstatic that I thought I couldn`t take any more of it or I would burst. with an effort of will I brought myself back to earth ,so to speak. All this happened 40 years ago but it is unforgetable. I have tried many times to induce this experience since then but to no avail.    ",, U.K.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio, electr,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2891,DEE,1174,35,,F,"There was a person or someone in my room speaking with me and it felt as though they were downloading me with information of the Universe. I felt very exilerated when I would awaken the next morning. This lasted about 3 days. I felt as if I knew the answers to everything. Time began to slow down and I found children to be absolutely AMAZING! I also saw flickers of light in my periferal vision (often) which I would think to myself were possibly angels. I also had an experience during this time where a light came across my vision (similar to a pulsating and spinning vibration) that took over my complete line of sight (it took about 30 minutes for it to completely happen and it happened while I was at work one day). It also shook me to my core and I realize now that I was frightened by the experience and I quit meditating. It felt strange to be in that state of mind and it did frighten me a bit. Once I was removed from the experience, which was about a month or so. I realized that something incredible had happened to me and that I wanted to get back to it. I have since continued reading and studying metaphysics and have continued with my meditation. I have found that to this day I still wonder and think about that time in my life and I KNOW that it happened for a reason.    ",,Citizen o,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Paraleg,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2892,ME ,1241,40,,M,"I dont remember precisely when it occured...whether it was a few hours later, or that night...but I felt an explosion of energy within my consciousness. The spaces between my thoughts, the stillness from which all thought arises, became alive as a vibrating, pulsating energy. I use the analogy of imagining that there was some kind of cosmic generator attached to me with a cord to the back of my head. This generator was directly attached to the very stuff of consciousness; to the energy which is present in the stillness which lies behind thoughts and emotions. And this generator was gradually turning up the juice; as much as I could handle. This energy was not experienced as a physical sensation (although there were some physical correlates to it). It was directly tied to my consciousness. At first it felt as though the energy w    ",,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",maste,Social,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2893,ME ,1512,42,,F,I was feeling overwhelmed with grief and confusion and I said out loud give me a signI kept shouting WHY WHY! And as I started my engine a car pulled up next to me in the empty parking lot. It was a deacon. I jumped out and hugged him tightly and wept as he let me grieve. He was there to get ready for a baptism.I felt very comforted and loved.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Adminis,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2894,ADC,1290,62,,F,"On January 4, 2007, I was alone in the kitchen of my home in Ossining, NY. My husband was upstairs working. I like my home orderly and keep everything in its place. It was daytime and I was preparing some food when my eye caught an object by the floor. I looked down and saw a little white square paper wedged up against the dark green backsplash runner by the floor. I picked up the paper. It was actually an empty little envelope with a gold lining inside. The envelope looked like it was opened after it was sealed because it had a rip in the flap. It was the kind of gift envelope that contained a card with someones name on it that youd give with a gift at Christmas. On the front of the envelope was the hand-printed word Dad. It looked like my handwriting but I didnt remember giving my father this envelope in the 2 1/2 years we were communicating just before his passing, and we didnt talk to each other for 29 years previously. In my home, a random and obscure object just doesnt turn up mysteriously in a strange place like that. I stood there with a shocked feeling, staring at the envelope. I thought I knew it came from a spiritual source but I wasnt ready to accept that. I had to rule out all possibilities. I called for Hank to come down and showed him the envelope. I asked if it was his. He said no. I asked if he ever saw this before. No. Could he imagine where it came from? No. I asked if it fell out of the newspapers he recycles in the kitchen. He said no. I told him where I found it and that it came from Holy Spirit. Hank became agitated and got a little angry. He was annoyed that mysterious, spiritual things like this were happening to me and darted back upstairs to his office. I stood there looking at the envelope and asked out loud: Dad, are you here with me now? Suddenly, a brisk wind came across my bare shins and I felt the chills. Then I knew my father was with me. I wanted to know more about this mystery, so I called a cousin of Hanks who was a Deacon at a Catholic Church in New Orleans. I asked Gary what all this meant. He said that God made my father my Guardian Angel and that my father would be watching over me. This was awesome. Although I had had a love/hate relationship with my father, I just loved him now and was happy to know he was with me. I have fond, loving memories bonding with my father in my childhood and enjoying life with him. (Im uploading a photo of this envelope. The envelope is white, although my iPhone or Mac turned the image and its surrounding area pink.)    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2895,ME ,1345,31,,M,"Then,1st day of programme,after about an hour,Time was around 1900 hrs IST, Our teacher talked about how OM is a sound resonating in universe,and it didnt make any sense to me.She asked us to close eyes and slowly say OM. When I slowly said OMwith closed eyes,I felt a tinkling of energy,starting around Navel area,going through Chest,and ending somewhere in Head.It felt wonderful. She asked us to repeat,2nd time when I said OM,Suddenly,in less than a fraction of second,It occured to me that this is a vibratory energy everything is made of,and a sudden ecstasy/happiness dawned on me. I was feeling elated,wonderful in knowing that it is just ONE in universe. When I walked out of classroom,took out my car keys,saw that energy in keys,in car,on road,in people walking on road,on trees, in distant stars, I could actually see Energy falling from sky,and as clearly as we see rain. I was ecstatic/on peak of happiness,it was like I will burst with happiness. I was driving alone,in ecstasy, decided to stop my car at a corner.I stopped my car,and just sat there for 15-20 minutes,and during those 15-20 minutes,I could Actually See my thoughts floating around my head, as clearly as we see birds flying, and suddenly it occured that These thoughts were not mine, These thoughts are not me, this mind is not me,I am something other than Thoughts and mind, and there was no doubt left,as I saw my thoughts as clearly as birds flying. I was overjoyed/ecstatic/passing peak of happiness/bursting with happiness,and I remained in this mood for about 22 days. I couldnt sleep with ecstasy.    ",,Indian,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Hindu,Hindu,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",maste,Navigat,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2896,ME ,1049,34,,F,"After experiencing Jesus in meditation, I continued to have visions of myself in my church and reminders that since college I had wanted to go to divinty school. I had not followed this calling due to a teaching degree, marriage, children etc and had all but forgotten it. Here in this thin place, it returned with great strength.    ",,United St,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Yoga te,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2897,ADC,1471,46,,F,"I cant find the right words for it, because I dont have the vocabulary knowledge to do so, but I try. My senses expanded. I could feel and see the spirituell part of us, and making the decision before it actually hit the human brain. It feels like someone is standing behind you and does everything for you and you are just the puppett. That means, I noticed in a conversation with my friends, we where sitting at a table, and we were debating on something, which actually did not make sense, but in that moment I have seen the spirit part of my friends saying lets go, and in that instant my friends got up and left. Than there was a situation I wanted to trade my car. So I went to the cardealer and talked to him, there was no reason that I would not have been able to trade in my car. I had money and good credit. But I heard the spirituell conversation again, and there was a headshaking no on my side and the cardealer said ok, I am not able to trade in your car. I wanted to by a cheap place, and there it was again, the no from both places. Everything I my ego wanted to do, I felt like I move against a wall. Everything I my ego thought would be good for me, moved through my fingers. I was actually out of control, even though I knew what I was doing. It did maked absolutely no sense to me than, now I do. I would share many many things. But I think I would have to talk or write to you more about it.    ",,US citize,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,none,"0 24,999",High,Clinica,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2898,ME ,1126,51,,F,"I felt at one with a far greater presence than I had ever felt...a loving, and entirely loving presence..... I think the presence was there to help me and to help my father as he passed from this world to the next. I felt I was being thanked for being with my father, and being shown a little of what Love really is. I felt immensely grateful and honoured by the exprience    ",,British C,1 2000,atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I ran a,,marri,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2899,ADC,1019,26,,F,"My experience was not a moment in time event, but rather its like I became aware of my grandpa through intense emotions and became aware that he was trying to tell me something. It takes a few days of this flood of emotion before I realize something is wrong and he is trying to tell me. The best way I can describe my most resent experience is like a gnawing feeling at your core that something is wrong, and at the same time an intense feeling of my grandpa. Not him in the sense of physically being next to me, but this feeling of the love we shared, the grief I felt when I lost him, and replaying the experiences we had together. The thoughts of him flood my mind and almost become distracting. My mind would constantly wander back to thoughts of my grandpa and just intense deep feelings. (The first few times this happened to me was when my two of my grandpas brother died, my uncles father in law was dying and my aunt was diagnosed with cancer it wasnt until afterward that I pieced together my intense feelings surrounding my grandpa and the news). After I became aware of my grandpas presence its like I knew something was wrong, and he was trying to tell me or make me aware of something bad. Knowing something was going to happen was unsettling and my mind would race at the possible events that might happen. Then when my phone rang and it was news my uncle had had a massive stroke, it was instant that this what he was telling me. Knowing that my grandpa is here with me is something I can not describe in words...its a feeling you get deep in your gut that you know everything is going to be alright.    ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Manage,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2900,ME ,1485,20,,F,"To put as simply as possible (not easy to do) I became identified with love and with God. I was immersed in and surrounded by non-visual spiritual light. Yet I was outside duality of light and dark altogether. I was inside and outside myself at the same time. It was a healing experience that washed away all my past traumas. I forgave everyone and everything, including myself. And then I felt the purpose of my life, which included the healing of other people. And then I gradually came back to earth.    ",,Full nati,"100,00",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,never,moder,moder,"0 24,999",some,Student,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
2901,DEE,1222,47,,F,"A ball of light appeared in the left corner of the room. It seemed to rotate or be in constant motion. There were voices, but they were all saying the same thing at the same time. It hovered there for a while, and then moved just below the ceiling fan, which was over my bed, at my feet. I had always thought that if I ever had an encounter I would be calm and ask questions. That didnt happen. I was terrified because I knew it was God, and I remembered I was horribly drunk. The ball of light said something to me. As much as I want to, I dont remember what, but it was something very short and simple. What I got from it was that God had a lot for me to do, and I couldnt do it as long as I was drinking. Something else I felt was love overwhelming, soothing love. Love that loved me even though I was drunk.     ",,American,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Educato,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2902,OBE,1238,34,,F,"Thank you very much for creating a space for these stories. I am very excited to tell mine. I am an artist and at the time I was transitioning from sculpture to painting. This extraordinary experience happened about thirty years ago.   One afternoon, before leaving for work, I decided to do a short meditation. I sat down on a carpet in my living room and assumed a meditation position. Moments after I closed my eyes, a clear blue window-like space appeared on the left side of the horizon. My conscious self became molecular, like a blip, or a tigle and I moved at the speed of light through the space. I first saw the edge of a sea. Beautiful sand edged the pristine waters which were gently rolling on to the shore. The area was completely clear of any vegetation or trees. I then found myself in the air, looking down at circular homes which were in a row. They were reminiscent of yurts or hogans. Then quick as a flash, I was inside, looking at a woman\xe2\x80\x99s back. She was tall, dressed in a black robe with crystals around her head. Telepathically I knew that she was a Priestess, a Healer. The Priestess was standing before an altar of some kind. Next, a small room emanating magenta light came into view. The room was translucent; the walls, ceiling, and floor emanated this gorgeous magenta light. Another room stood beside it, emanating a beautiful clear green light. Instantly I understood that these were healing rooms and that this civilization used color for healing and balancing the body.   I found myself outside, watching women and children playing on a hill. It was a bright sunny day and the children were laughing and chatting. On the hilltop there was a white stone post and lintel with three square colors atop the lintel. The colors were tints of the primary colors of red, yellow and blue. Every now and then a boy would run under the post and lintel to stand for a few moments. Then he would zip out to play again. I understood that this structure helped boys balance their chakra energy; it helped their energy flow without hindrance. Only the boys needed it; it was not necessary for the girls to do this.   Lastly, I found myself looking at the back of an old woman who was sitting on a bench. She was contemplating an exterior mosaic or mural that covered a long low wall. I approached this very colorful abstract wall. Soft sounds emanated from it as the colors moved and fused into each other. I knew that my gross ears could not hear the extraordinary beauty of the music that was created by the fusing colors. The wall was alive, changing into different configurations of beauty, much like a kaleidoscope. The old woman had created this beautiful wall and it was she who was responsible for bringing the concept of color healing into this civilization.      I re-entered my body with a great jerk and my eyes opened. I got up from my spot on the floor and went to work in a daze. There is no way for me to put into words how life changing this event has been. Seeing this beautiful world allowed me to understand the power and healing properties of color and sound. I continue to make art that will bring beauty and healing forces into our world.    ",,U.S. citi,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Buddhist,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,artist,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2903,NDA,1307,40,,F,"I was asleep and was suddenly awaken by my fathers hand shaking my arm. He was telling me that he had to go. I begged him not to. He seemed angry and told me he had to. I woke with tears in my eyes. I thought it was a dream, but it seemed so real. I almost called his house, but it was 3:00 am. The next morning, I called to see if everything was alright, and my mother assured me that all was well. The following month, he died suddenly.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Real Es,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
2904,ADC,1059,10,,F,"My mother called me to come downstairs. Her voice was very clear and I yelled down to answer her that I was coming. I closed my book and went quickly down the stairs. When I got to the bottom of the stairs, it suddenly hit me that it could not have been my mother calling because she had died the year before. I asked my stepmother if she had called me. She did not. At that point, I went back upstairs feeling that my mother was just touching base with me. It was a comforting feeling.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2905,DEE,1297,67,,F,"Hank, my husband, and I were getting ready to move on December 10, 2012 from Ossining, New York to Milford, Connecticut. Most of the house was already packed up. I had gone through the whole coat closet downstairs by the front door, throwing stuff out and organizing what I wanted to pack up at that time or wait until moving day. There was a small shelf above the coat hangar bar that I looked over while standing on a stool to see what was up there and what needed to be thrown out. There were mostly gloves and hats which I kept there in case we needed them. We had just arrived home at night from eating out Thanksgiving Dinner on November 22, 2012. Hank hung up his coat first in the lit up coat closet. Then I took out a hangar, hung my coat on it and, while looking toward Hank and talking to him, I went to hang up my coat without looking at the bar or what I was doing because I knew that closet so well, after living in this house for 22 years. I had trouble getting the hangar hook to go over the bar. I tried and tried but the hook wouldnt go on the bar. It kept getting stuck on something. So I looked at the bar and saw there was a chain of some kind hanging down from the shelf above. There was a sliver of an opening between the slats of the wooden shelf and a chain had made its way through the opening and hung down in a loop, the narrow opening of which happened to be facing the tip of the hangar. So when I aimed, without looking, the tip of the hangar to go on the bar, it went through the narrow loop instead and got stuck there. I looked at the chain. I couldnt understand where this chain came from. I knew everything that was on the shelf and there was no chain. I pulled on the chain. It came down through the slat opening and a medallion of some kind followed it. I looked at this medallion with its long neck chain in the palm of my hand and just stared at it. I couldnt believe my eyes. That was my medallion and my chain that I had mysteriously lost 5 years previous. I had this piece of jewelry custom made for me, based on the image that I had seen when I was 29 years of age of a glow and cross. The medallion was a white Mother of Pearl flat, round disk (glow) with a MOP cross affixed onto the disk. When I received this gift to myself from the jeweler, I loved it and wore it every single day for about a year. One night Hank and I were going to a special place and I wanted to wear a special necklace that would conflict with the medallion and chain, so I took it off and probably placed it on my dresser in the bedroom, as I was planning to wear it again the next day. I either placed it on the top of my dresser or put it into my jewelry drawer in the dresser. The next day when I awoke, I looked for the medallion to put it on again and I couldnt find it. I looked on the dresser top, in all the drawers, on the floor around the dresser, in our bedroom, in the bathrooms and in all the rooms of my home, but Hank and I couldnt find it. It was missing for about 5 years and during those years, I kept on looking all over my house for the medallion, but with no luck. Then I thought that God was mad at me for taking it off, so It took it away. So, 5 years later, God had miraculously given back to me my medallion in such an incredible way. I showed it to Hank in disbelief. He was amazed how that medallion came back to me, and 5 years later! Then I told Hank that I had a bad thought, that It gave it back to me because something bad or hard was going to happen during or after our move and I would need this medallion that I loved so much and which connected me to God and Its serenity. Ive been wearing the medallion every day since and will wear it every single day always, even if it doesnt go with a fancy outfit. Our move was hard but Hank and I survived it and are doing well. Although we have to move again in a year and dont know where we will live, though we want to stay in Milford.       ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2906,ADC,1097,46,,F,"I was asleep, but I was not dreaming. I suddenly knew my dad was there. And he WAS. He was real: this was not a dream. He was healthy and well, and he said, I love you. I couldnt say a word..and then he was gone.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,atheist,Other,Other,,,never,never,none,very st,"100,000+",some,High sc,,divor,divor,Yes,none,All pleasant,adult
2907,SDE,1308,41,,F,"After I fell to the ground and my father was with me we chatted like normal, then all of a sudden he said we have to go and see my step-mother and brother. The whole time I experienced this the beautiful warmth and light was upon me, to describe the light as best I can, is like having a massive spotlight place over you and the rim of the light is pure white and protective, inside the light is the perfect warmth, like the temperature is set to perfection. As we walked over to my step-mother I said to her please dont be afraid I have Dad with me and he wants you to know this, I then placed my hand just under her left shoulder and just above her breast and said Dad wants you to know he loves you with all his heart and soul the look on my step-mothers face was shock and tears welled in her eyes. We then walked over to my Brother (who had a 20 yr feud with my sister) I said to him again, please dont be afraid I have Dad with me and he wants you to know, with that I then placed my hand over his stomach, and said Dad understands the feud between he and my sister is deep seated within them and could they please let the past be and find a way to love each other again, my brother was also shocked....I told him again, not to be afraid. After I gave these messages to my family, we walked over to a rose garden, the whole time the light was with me and the most beautiful, euphoric feeling I can not describe was with me. In between the messages I kept repeating to Dad how beautiful it was. When we sat at the rose garden, Dad asked me if there was anything they could do (we werent allowed to tell him during the week he was dying) I said there wasnt the cancer had spread to most of his body and I just kept also repeating Look Dad, look how beautiful it is I was just in awe of it. With that he was gone and I was back to reality. I returned to the motel we were staying at, thinking that the experience was spurred on by lack of sleep or stress. I thought I was losing my mind. Later that day I returned to the Hospital and was in the kitchen when a nurse came in and I told her that I thought I had lost my mind and was it normal when a loved one was dying, I told her about what I had experienced and thinking she would agree that it was stress induced, the nurse (Paula) then stated that is exactly what Dad would experience when he does finally pass. I was shocked. We both returned to Dads room only to find he was awake and outside in the courtyard, with two other nurses beside him. We couldnt believe it. He was telling my brother, as best he could as for most of the week it was hard to make sense out of much he was saying to us, he told my brother he had enough and then looked straight at me and said I have had enough Im ready to go because its beautiful isnt it buttons (a nickname Dad callled me) I was shocked but replied with a smile and said It certainly is Dad. The most wonderful calm came across me and I knew then everything would be alright. Paula (the nurse) then placed her hand on my shoulder and said, There is your confirmation. Later the next day, we all couldnt believe it when my brother and sister were standing in Dads room, hugging each other and genuinely sharing a laugh together. I then softly whispered in Dads ear, See Dad, you did it, I heard you and they are getting along now, everything is ok and you can go now. I know he heard me as I felt a weak grip on my hand as I was holding his hand. A few days later I found out that the messages I had given to my step-mother and brother were almost identical to what my Dad was trying to say the morning I had the experience with my father. I wasnt in the room at the time.    ",,Australia,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Prefer no,,,weekly,never,very strong,none,"25,000 49",High,Busines,,marri,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2908,ME ,1156,63,,F,"I have been seeing crystal triangles for 13 years. There is no particular interval between. The triangles are very bright and should hurt my eyes but do not and are like the crystals from a rainbow maker only much more intense. They link to me and I feel some alteration within myself, like enhancing my awareness. Its difficult to do anything else when this happens. I heard nothing. Asked my husband to join me and put the triangles over his head. The triangles stay in the same place in my vision wherever I turn my head. My eyes are healthy and I only wear glasses for driving and very close work. They are tested regularly. The triangles lasted around 20 minutes and my husband saw only my aura which he said was silver. He could feel something but could not be specific. I sat in meditation and opened chakras. I feel that what I received was some affirmation that my spiritual pathway is on the right lines and my progress was moving forwards. I had a strong feeling to phone another medium and friend of the one who had gone to spirit. We had a long conversation and exchanged some useful information that each needed.    ",,British,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Some,Yoga Tu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2909,ADC,1333,59,,F,"I was grieving for the recent passing of my brother. His death caused by prostate cancer had seemed untimely. He also did not want to go and put up quite a fight. At his funeral, I was inconsolable mainly because I felt he had been taken before his time. He also seemed ill prepared for his own departure. I felt guilty also wondering if there was something I could have or should have done to help prolong his life here on earth.  At first I observed what seemed to be a thin mist in the doorway. I also felt his presence very heavily. I was afraid, because I knew what I was experiencing was outside the norm. Every time I started dozing off to sleep I felt pulled towards him on a spiritual level. I must hve fallen asleep or in that space between sleepand conciousness I had an encounter with him. I was able to ask any questions that I wanted to and did. I asked him if he was ok. He explained that he was happy. Knowing how reluctant he was to leave I asked: who helped you. He answered Aubrey not someone I knew or had heard of. He had come to me to let me know not to grieve for him as he had gone on to a better place and he was doing fine.        ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Sales,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2910,ME ,1228,42,,F,"It was completely and deeply black. I couldnt see anything in front of me. Then I saw a very faint dot-like light. I was very curious. It started to get closer and closer. I was extremely surprised,found it funny, that what was getting closer was a neon angel. I dont mean an angel with beautiful wings or anything but a very cheap-looking angel made up of one continuous long neon tube sort of like what hangs in some stores saying OPEN. It stopped in front of me and I was sort of laughing to myself because it looked kind of silly floating out there in front of me. Then the bottom opened up and whoosh knowledge started coming into me. Not just into my head into my entire body. I knew everything. I felt that my body would not be able to contain all of this knowledge and that I would explode. I became very frightened because I thought that I was dying. I said to myself no. Within a fraction of a second it stopped and the knowledge was taken back just as it had been delivered: with a whoosh. I woke up very shaken and afraid.    ",,United St,"100,00",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Secreta,,single,single,No,very little,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2911,DEE,1239,36,,F,"It is very hard to describe because I didnt see anything with me eyes, however, I FELT everything very strongly. The energy and the love/acceptance that the being emanated was FAR STRONGER and more VAST than what is humanly possible, therefore I did not feel that the entity was human (as in, a deceased relative). The energy was so huge and positively powerful, that I strongly felt it was a higher dimensional being, eg. an angel, spirit guide or God themself. The strength of the unconditional love/acceptance was WAY beyond human love. I could sense that with every fibre of my being. The experience left me in NO DOUBT that I had just experienced a Divine Entity Encounter.    ",,7th gener,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,never,moder,littl,"0 24,999",High,Compute,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2912,DEE,1351,51,,M,See description above. The woman was like a stream of light in bright colour. I observed her very closely and can remember her vividly. I heard nothing. I felt terrified. What I learned was there is a state of consciousness between the waking state and the sleep state (dream state to me is sleep state). It was much more real than a dream. In fact it seemed completely real.    ,,New Zeala,"251,00",atheist,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",maste,Real Es,,divor,single,Unc,very little,All distressing,adult
2913,ADC,1106,16,,F,    ,,    Q.  Q,1 2000,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,    Q.,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2914,DEE,1095,61,,F,"I was very concerned about a pending operation and had a 2nd consultation with my surgeon. Previously, when it became clear to me that I needed an operation, I had an inner feeling to look at a local hospital website. I selected this particular surgeon as being most compatible with my needs, and again had an inner feeling that she was right for me.  When we entered the consulting room, a turquoise colour human like shape followed the surgeon. This entity sat beside me during the entire vist as my sugeon described the procedure and aftercare to me. I felt a sense of peace and reassurance from this figure which I would describe as being most likely her guide.     ",,British,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,yoga tu,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2915,OBE,1338,23,,F,"What I learned was the day this happened to me was my fathers birthday he turned 50, he called me the day after and when I said what did you do on your birthday, he said he was away at his caravan, and he spent the whole day of his 50th sitting at the table in the caravan on his own.    ",,Australia,1 mill,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,never,seldom,avera,none,"0 24,999",High,Bookkee,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2916,ME ,1049,34,,F,"After experiencing Jesus in meditation, I continued to have visions of myself in my church and reminders that since college I had wanted to go to divinty school. I had not followed this calling due to a teaching degree, marriage, children etc and had all but forgotten it. Here in this thin place, it returned with great strength.    ",,United St,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Yoga te,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2917,ME ,1478,46,,M,"This life changing event happened to me the latter part of October 2004  For many years I\xe2\x80\x99d been searching for a closer walk with God and financial success. My library of books and tapes are very extensive. I have read many books over twice and listened to tapes and CD\xe2\x80\x99s over and over and over again. I\xe2\x80\x99d started this learning process about 5 years ago and for the last three years I\xe2\x80\x99ve gotten very serious about it. So much so that I don\xe2\x80\x99t read the paper, I don\xe2\x80\x99t watch the news on TV and my TV time is limited to almost nothing. I\xe2\x80\x99ve rented about 5 movies in the last five years. No movie theaters and I\xe2\x80\x99d recently turned off the car radio of any type of media or learning material and just thought positive thoughts while driving. The books that I read are the Bible, books on how our minds work, books on Personal Development and Spirituality. However I really didn\xe2\x80\x99t actually believe that the Spirit world existed So one day I have no Idea how I got there but I\xe2\x80\x99m on the website of a well known Success coach and trainer. On her site an interesting book catches my eye. I order the book and it arrives quickly. I start reading the book and it makes allot of sense. About a third way through the book I come upon a passage that says \xe2\x80\x9cOk, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to now tell you about my 5 agreements in business not to be confused with the Four Agreements of Don Miguel Ruiz. If you want to learn about his four agreements you can get his book titled the Four Agreements and read about them\xe2\x80\x9d.  Nothing else was mentioned about that subject and I kept reading. About 3 pages after that statement I felt compelled to go back. I found the author and the title of the book \xe2\x80\x9cThe Four Agreements\xe2\x80\x9d. I was sitting at my desk in front of my computer so I went to Ebay and clicked on a Buy It Now and had the book in my hand three day\xe2\x80\x99s later. I thought it came to me very quickly. The book is written I am told, at a sixth grade level and it has about 140 pages. So I ate it up and read it in about 3 days. After reading it I thought to myself. This book makes so much sense. Just 4 agreements and I don\xe2\x80\x99t have to memorize a bunch of affirmations and make sure that I find the right one to say for the situation in my stack of 3X5\xe2\x80\x99 cards. I\xe2\x80\x99m thinking this is one of the best books I\xe2\x80\x99ve read and it\xe2\x80\x99s so simple to understand and implement. So I go in for round two with this book. I\xe2\x80\x99m going to read it again. About half way through the book is when it happens. My vision: It\xe2\x80\x99s 10:00am and I\xe2\x80\x99m sitting at my home office desk reading the book for the second time. The morning light is shining through my French doors. I\xe2\x80\x99m about half way through it when the room goes dark. I turn my chair to the left toward the light switch to see who\xe2\x80\x99s there. I stand and I drop the book to the floor out of my left hand. My desk is to my right. The book lands on a wood floor, bounces a couple of times and makes an echo like a book bouncing on a wood floor in an empty room. (The floor in my office is carpeted) I look around my room and it\xe2\x80\x99s not my room anymore. It\xe2\x80\x99s now as large as a high school gym and empty of everything except for my desk and chair and the floor is wood. My Room looks like an empty school gym. It is then that I see my office door. It\xe2\x80\x99s glowing and the colors on it have changed from white to Lapis Blue and the handle on the door is glowing an Orange/Gold color. The door appears to be breathing in and out. On it\xe2\x80\x99s in breath the door is puffed up and show cracks with the orange/gold color in them. The door and handle are illuminated like they\xe2\x80\x99re ready to explode and catch fire. I see smoke coming in from the door jam around the door frame on its out breath. I walk slowly to the door and grab the handle. I turn it clockwise and crack the door open about an inch to peak outside my room. An intense and bright white light comes through the one inch space. It startles me because of its intense brightness and the speed at which it came through the door so close to my face. The light is just like a laser. It is focused. It\xe2\x80\x99s not like it\xe2\x80\x99s flooding the room with light it\xe2\x80\x99s like a laser beam of bright white/golden light 1 inch wide and as tall as the door. In the light are many small brown particles about the size of pencil erasers. They\xe2\x80\x99re floating and moving along in the light, going by me, not real fast as they come in the door.   Then I open the door all the way. The door opens inward and from left to right. (as it normally would in my office) Immediately upon",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Some,Before,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2918,NDE,1281,38,,F,    ,,American,1 2000,agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,Registe,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2919,ME ,1099,60,,F,We observed Stan in the rocking chair next to his bed with his finger on his forehead as he always did. We didnt hear anything but noted that later on he was in the bed covered up. I didnt really feel anything other than it was a normal Sunday morning.    ,,US Citize,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",docto,Educati,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
2920,OBE,1532,42,,M,"As above there was no use of senses as we know them just an understanding that although I could not physically see, touch, smell, or hear anything I was yet able to know everything and that what I was experiencing was very real.    ",,UK and Au,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Interna,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2921,ADC,1460,50,,F,"In my dream, a woman was sitting on the floor. She appeared to be around late 60s/ early 70s. She was naked, sitting with her back to me initially and appeared to have burns over her body. She turned her head around and she had the face of one of my physiotherapy clients. At the same time I knew this woman wasnt my client, but I knew that by seeing the face of my client, that my friend knew this woman. I asked this woman her name and she said Beth. We then had a telepathic conversation in which she told me she was scared of passing over. She was scared of being burned, of going to Hell.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Physiot,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2922,ME ,1414,44,,F,"I felt a heavy melancholy settle within me. It felt like my stomach had dropped out, and I was filled with a large black empty feeling. It was so weird, I told my husband about it. I had never felt that way. The room seemed filled with a gauze of gray cloudiness, that I referred to as drear. I stopped &amp; thought, What is happening here? Then I realized my mother had died. The feeling was so overwhelming, I was sure she had died at that instant, &amp; made a mental note of the time. I had never had so deep a feeling in my life. I told my husband my mom had died. He did not question. He asked if I wanted to call home, &amp; I said, No shes dead. Theres nothing more to do. He asked if I wanted to stop in Rockford where my mom lived, on the way home to Chicago. I said, No. We went to the art fair in Madison as planned, and I slowly prepared myself for what was to come seeing my estranged family again. On the way home to Chicago, we stopped in Rockford for dinner. My husband asked if I wanted to call home or stop. No. I wanted to go home. I needed time.    ",,citizen,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,jewelry,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All distressing,adult
2923,DEE,1008,30,,F,see #43    ,,US citize,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2924,ADC,1059,10,,F,"My mother called me to come downstairs. Her voice was very clear and I yelled down to answer her that I was coming. I closed my book and went quickly down the stairs. When I got to the bottom of the stairs, it suddenly hit me that it could not have been my mother calling because she had died the year before. I asked my stepmother if she had called me. She did not. At that point, I went back upstairs feeling that my mother was just touching base with me. It was a comforting feeling.    ",,US    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,Student,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2925,OBE,1254,42,,F,"I was listening to a Coldplay album on my iPod and looking out the window of the plane, relaxing &amp; enjoying the flight. I wasnt paying particular attention to anything and was letting my mind wander when I gradually realized that I was flying, not flying in the airplane, but flying alongside the airplane. It was a wonderful feeling, like the flying dreams that I used to have as a child. The difference was that in my childhood dreams, my body was flying and...and I was asleep. When I was on the airplane, I wasnt sleeping. What happened was that I was listening to the music and then I became aware that I was flying in spirit. That is to say, I saw my body sitting in the airplane but *I* was outside the cabin, in the air just beyond my window. I saw myself there but I wasnt afraid. The whole experience was beautiful. I could feel myself soaring. The freedom and the peace that I felt was amazing. When I first realized what was happening, I just enjoyed it but then,unfortunately, I tried to control it. I wanted to see if I could go up or down and the moment I started thinking, the experience was over and I was back in my body, sitting in the airplane, looking at the clouds outside my window. I stopped the iPod and started the playlist over &amp; over, hoping that if some notes had triggered something, that it would happen again, but nothing further happened.    ",,American,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,founder,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2926,ME ,1475,41,,F,"I left the group and went out of the room and stood outside. I looked at my hands and expected to see them glowing for the electricity I had felt during the ritual. However I was surprised that they were not glowing. Within the next second I knew that everything I looked at, the trees, the leaves, the stars the wooden platform I stood upon, everything WAS ME. I was everything around me I was part of it all, all of creation was also me. It lasted just several seconds and then it was over. However it has never left me. I know now that I am and always have been part of all creation and everything is actually ONE THING.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",Some,Worked,,marri,separ,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2927,OBE,1532,42,,M,"As above there was no use of senses as we know them just an understanding that although I could not physically see, touch, smell, or hear anything I was yet able to know everything and that what I was experiencing was very real.    ",,UK and Au,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Interna,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2928,DEE,1042,27,,F,"observered a divine entity not of this world while awake. I felt awe, protection. I heard a voice from her, but not from her lips. She was giving me a choice meaning There was a way out of this situation. She scared me, but I knew that it was good for me. I had to leave this place for everybodies best good. She would be leading me, along with other guardians. She was one of me.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,working,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2929,PLR,1026,42,,F,"I felt bigger than the Universe. I also had no perception of time. I felt as though I had been under for hours, when in fact the meditation would have only have been around 20 minutes.    ",,Australia,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,avera,very st,"50,000 99",some,Project,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2930,DEE,1279,33,,F,"That night, when I went to bed I was still shaken by the experience. I went to sleep and was awakened in the middle of a dream by a yellow/white light which seemed to be turning and was lightest at the edges. I heard a male voice telling me not to be afraid. I wasnt. In fact I was filled with immense love and peace. The male voice talked to me telepathically for a period of time telling me that earth was just a test, a proving ground so to speak. I asked the voice what I was expected to do. Become a nun or what. The voice answered saying just live a good kind and loving life. Id move on to a different plain of being. I have to say that this voice filled me with a love that I cant describe and have never felt so strongly again.    ",,US Citize,"25,000",atheist,spiritual,Other,Other,,,never,never,undec,littl,"50,000 99",Junio,office,,marri,marri,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
2931,ADC,1384,62,,F,"It was actually a communication with my dad who had passed a month earlier. He had alzheimers and was living a nightmare existence...feeling like he was in a house with strangers, and my mom, who was depressed and angry had no patience with him. I prayed that God would take him, and within a week he was dead. This was an ernest, heartfelt prayer.  I saw him in a dream, even though it seemed more real than a dream. I was suddenly in this beautiful place, like a picnic area. My dad was sitting with his back to me...looking like he did just before he died. I even noticed the curve in his spine that was so prominent due to age scoleosis. Suddenly, he got up, turned and he was around 30..incredibly young and handsome. I was taken back at his beautiful clear blue eyes, and his perfect skin.  He asked me how things were before he left. I told him it was awful, and that he had alzheimers and things be so very difficult for him and mom. Suddenly, he bent over and fluffed the hair on the top of my head, like he did when I was a little girl, and said Dont worry, Hon, things will be alright. I will never forget this dream...    ",,Citizen,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",Some,Library,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2932,ME ,1323,20,,F,My initial comments before this form say it all: Being bathed in a type of light / lightness that enveloped me with joy and peace. I have that same feeling come over me each time I engage in speaking in tongues.    ,,U.S.    Q,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Student,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2933,ADC,1418,52,,F,"I knew immediately that my son had done something almost unbelievable, but I continued to look for the shoe. I did not find it. I was overwhelmed and in fact got a camera and took a picture of the one shoe lying there. I didnt realize until later that the picture would serve no purpose, but I was thinking so at the time. I was very excited. I did not find the shoe until many months later. It was upstairs in the spare bedroom under a bed he slept on when visiting me. I rarely went in that room.    ",,Citizen o,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,US Gove,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2934,NDE,1041,41,,F,"see above. as far as what I learned I still had a purpose on earth, and it was to be a guardian for others. My brothers and sisters were EVERYBODY regardless of religion or sex or anything we were all one, but people didnt get it, nor would they. I had to be an example. And this would breed more love. Not because of ME, but because of the Loving Creator who lived through me and everyone. I knew who I was, and I knew my mother would be passing soon. I knew I would be taken care of, as the man kept giving me money...I knew I was to follow native american principles of love the sacred earth and that all are my brothers and sisters, as Yeshu / Jesus said.    ",,Citizen U,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,medical,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2935,DEE,1155,46,,F,"How unfortunate that I did not have a cell phone to take a photo of that white board. What I would give today to see it again. Somedays I think it was not real, but then again I know I could call the hospital and find this girl again. She was real. Her name was real. And I have truly never heard the name before. The chances of someone with that name working with him are too astronomical for me to contemplate. Whenever I feel that I am alone, I just remember this amazing sign from God.    ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",colle,Server,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2936,ME ,1548,30,,F,See answer above.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Unity,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",docto,Wife an,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2937,ME ,1228,42,,F,"It was completely and deeply black. I couldnt see anything in front of me. Then I saw a very faint dot-like light. I was very curious. It started to get closer and closer. I was extremely surprised,found it funny, that what was getting closer was a neon angel. I dont mean an angel with beautiful wings or anything but a very cheap-looking angel made up of one continuous long neon tube sort of like what hangs in some stores saying OPEN. It stopped in front of me and I was sort of laughing to myself because it looked kind of silly floating out there in front of me. Then the bottom opened up and whoosh knowledge started coming into me. Not just into my head into my entire body. I knew everything. I felt that my body would not be able to contain all of this knowledge and that I would explode. I became very frightened because I thought that I was dying. I said to myself no. Within a fraction of a second it stopped and the knowledge was taken back just as it had been delivered: with a whoosh. I woke up very shaken and afraid.    ",,United St,"100,00",agnostic,agnostic,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Secreta,,single,single,No,very little,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2938,NDE,1052,42,,F,"As I was holding my son I began praying (to a God that I hoped existed although I certainly was not sure actually did...too much scientist in me). As I held him and prayed I became keenly aware of this dark presence following quickly behind my son and me. This awareness was not in real time but still, an intense awareness of this strong force. I began having chills and intestinal disturbances and felt true terror. As I felt this force nearing both of us and about to encircle us. I was very aware that this force was actually the dark angel of death. My prayer changed from please God, allow my son to live to God, if you have to take him then he is your child not mine. And I am aware that I am your child as well and you will have to help me. At that precise moment I felt a shift in my sons breathing. In the upper left corner of the room I became aware of a brilliant and luminescent light. This light slowly grew and filled the upper quadrant of the darkened room. I honestly thought that I was having a stress induced migraine and was having an aura. However, when I turned my head the aura did not follow with my movements. The light remained in that left upper corner of the room. The brightness of it grew and grew and enlarged to where it filled the room. I tried to look at the light but it was too bright. The light was the most brilliant and beautiful light that I have even seen. I had never (and still have never) seen anything like it. It was more than light...like it had consistancy. And then this incredible awareness occurred and my thought was oh my God, its God. And in that moment I becamse aware that God was/is more real than anything else that I had ever seen or known. My perception of God changed in that instance from my being a skeptic to the assurance that God is a definite and known entity. It was as real as anything that I have ever seen. I felt bathed in this glow and felt warmed....held and loved. Im not sure how long this lasted but slowly the light rescended but the awareness did not. The feeling that I had was the peace that surpasses all understanding. I knew that my son was going to be fine. My chills disappeared and I felt no more worry or anxiety. The doctors continued to check on my son and finally an hour after the light appeared they came in and said we think that hes turned the corner. I felt like they sure got the news on a delayed schedule. For a long time I felt that I was having some stress response to my sons health crisis but the knowing has never receded. Ive ever since referred to this as my near death experience by proxy. My son improved and was released from the hospital several days later. That event still is vivid and real in my mind like it happened yesterday. The awareness and belief from that experience has continued on to this day.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Physica,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2939,NDA,1227,5,,F,"I felt I was home, that the other place I was living was cold and harsh, I was shown a point in the future of total devastation and how I needed to be there to take care of the children. I remember seeing my friend who promised to be with me for a short time to see that I was safe.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Child,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2940,ADC,1019,26,,F,"My experience was not a moment in time event, but rather its like I became aware of my grandpa through intense emotions and became aware that he was trying to tell me something. It takes a few days of this flood of emotion before I realize something is wrong and he is trying to tell me. The best way I can describe my most resent experience is like a gnawing feeling at your core that something is wrong, and at the same time an intense feeling of my grandpa. Not him in the sense of physically being next to me, but this feeling of the love we shared, the grief I felt when I lost him, and replaying the experiences we had together. The thoughts of him flood my mind and almost become distracting. My mind would constantly wander back to thoughts of my grandpa and just intense deep feelings. (The first few times this happened to me was when my two of my grandpas brother died, my uncles father in law was dying and my aunt was diagnosed with cancer it wasnt until afterward that I pieced together my intense feelings surrounding my grandpa and the news). After I became aware of my grandpas presence its like I knew something was wrong, and he was trying to tell me or make me aware of something bad. Knowing something was going to happen was unsettling and my mind would race at the possible events that might happen. Then when my phone rang and it was news my uncle had had a massive stroke, it was instant that this what he was telling me. Knowing that my grandpa is here with me is something I can not describe in words...its a feeling you get deep in your gut that you know everything is going to be alright.    ",,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,very st,"25,000 49",colle,Manage,,single,single,No,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2941,ADC,1395,55,,F,"Everything was white, I felt calm and happy. It was very quiet. I believed that Butch was actually communicating with me. Different encounters happened, 1 prior to this and 2 after this.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Registe,,widow,widow,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2942,DEE,1425,33,,M,"I awake to nothing. No body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space: no near, no far, no light or dark. No heat, no cold. No emotion: no joy, no fear. Just calm awareness in a gray void. A moment / eternity passes. Light! A brilliant sun! And with it, darkness: the fullness of empty space. A small human figure stands in silhouette. My consciousness shifts. I become the figure; a human body standing in space before a radiant globe. I feel! I am bathed in intense light and heat; light and heat so intense that if I were in a physical form I would be vaporized. I am engulfed by boundless, infinite energy; overwhelming energy. Another shift in perception: energy becomes love. Energy and love are the same. Energy is love. I am embraced and cradled: infolded by a boundless field of energy/love, love which is personal yet vast beyond comprehension. I am seen; seen through. The barriers and masks that we construct to present an idealized persona to the world are blown away. Though the experience is veiled to me I perceive that my life in its naked reality is being lived and fully comprehended by a conscious presence. There is no judgment. My being with all its shortcomings, failures, and rough edges is unconditionally accepted, loved, and cherished. I become aware that what had first appeared like a sun is un-like anything from ordinary reality. I am in the presence of a radiant, fluid luminosity. An amalgam of water and light is the best approximation I can think of. The sense of being before a conscious presence intensifies. My mind buzzes with the desire to hold It, to explain and contain It with my thought. The more I grasp, however, the more It slips away. It cannot be grasped or named. I give up, let go, and allow myself to simply rest with It. With this shift from desire/grasping to acceptance I am permeated by light. In a blaze, the dark husk of my body flakes away. I become light. I am one with the light. I am the light, a fluid, radiant luminosity. I have no body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space. I am calm awareness in a radiantly luminous field of joyfully dancing light. A moment / eternity passes. I find myself with a luminous body. A thought is expressed without words: approach your live with joy and gratitude; compassion and acceptance. A cosmic chuckle: clear-eyed and hard-nosed. I am laughed at/with. \xe2\x80\x9cDon\xe2\x80\x99t take your self so seriously\xe2\x80\x9d rings in my mind. As I turn from the light a frigorific presence rushes from behind and past my left ear. It is a transparent nothingness consuming all energy in its path. It radiates a cold animus and an implacable will to be separate; to differentiate. As it rushes past an iron darkness warps around me. It fuses to me and I become dark and solid. I awake to an ordinary day.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,Archite,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2943,NDA,1423,12,,M,Very timeless. Floating and very pleasant. Not much life experience at that time because I was twelve. Saw a very bright light and floated toward the light through a very dark tunnel... Began later to descend and my body rotated so that I was laying with my back on the ceiling of the hospital room and was looking down at myself in the bed with my grandmother sitting there next to me.    ,,American,"100,00",religious,agnostic,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",some,NA    Q,,single,marri,No,very little,All pleasant,youth
2944,ADC,1455,34,,F,"With regards to the above....when I got home, my husband was not there, but a note on the counter he had left me said Chryalsis, I am ashamed to say I didnt know how to pronounce it so I went about my usual chores. When my husband got home I asked him what it was, when he pronounced it everything came together, I was standing there with my mouth open. He went on to say it is a battered womans shelter who needs womens business clothes to help the women there get out and get a jog so they can be on their own and be successful. My best friend Amanda was adopted...she tried for years to find her birth mother....when she finally found her...it was two weeks after her birth mother had died from a beating from a husband. Amanda never got to meet her. I had no doubt this was a communication to me as to where she wanted her clothes to go. I have had several more communication even up to present day.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,I owned,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2945,DEE,1297,67,,F,"Hank, my husband, and I were getting ready to move on December 10, 2012 from Ossining, New York to Milford, Connecticut. Most of the house was already packed up. I had gone through the whole coat closet downstairs by the front door, throwing stuff out and organizing what I wanted to pack up at that time or wait until moving day. There was a small shelf above the coat hangar bar that I looked over while standing on a stool to see what was up there and what needed to be thrown out. There were mostly gloves and hats which I kept there in case we needed them. We had just arrived home at night from eating out Thanksgiving Dinner on November 22, 2012. Hank hung up his coat first in the lit up coat closet. Then I took out a hangar, hung my coat on it and, while looking toward Hank and talking to him, I went to hang up my coat without looking at the bar or what I was doing because I knew that closet so well, after living in this house for 22 years. I had trouble getting the hangar hook to go over the bar. I tried and tried but the hook wouldnt go on the bar. It kept getting stuck on something. So I looked at the bar and saw there was a chain of some kind hanging down from the shelf above. There was a sliver of an opening between the slats of the wooden shelf and a chain had made its way through the opening and hung down in a loop, the narrow opening of which happened to be facing the tip of the hangar. So when I aimed, without looking, the tip of the hangar to go on the bar, it went through the narrow loop instead and got stuck there. I looked at the chain. I couldnt understand where this chain came from. I knew everything that was on the shelf and there was no chain. I pulled on the chain. It came down through the slat opening and a medallion of some kind followed it. I looked at this medallion with its long neck chain in the palm of my hand and just stared at it. I couldnt believe my eyes. That was my medallion and my chain that I had mysteriously lost 5 years previous. I had this piece of jewelry custom made for me, based on the image that I had seen when I was 29 years of age of a glow and cross. The medallion was a white Mother of Pearl flat, round disk (glow) with a MOP cross affixed onto the disk. When I received this gift to myself from the jeweler, I loved it and wore it every single day for about a year. One night Hank and I were going to a special place and I wanted to wear a special necklace that would conflict with the medallion and chain, so I took it off and probably placed it on my dresser in the bedroom, as I was planning to wear it again the next day. I either placed it on the top of my dresser or put it into my jewelry drawer in the dresser. The next day when I awoke, I looked for the medallion to put it on again and I couldnt find it. I looked on the dresser top, in all the drawers, on the floor around the dresser, in our bedroom, in the bathrooms and in all the rooms of my home, but Hank and I couldnt find it. It was missing for about 5 years and during those years, I kept on looking all over my house for the medallion, but with no luck. Then I thought that God was mad at me for taking it off, so It took it away. So, 5 years later, God had miraculously given back to me my medallion in such an incredible way. I showed it to Hank in disbelief. He was amazed how that medallion came back to me, and 5 years later! Then I told Hank that I had a bad thought, that It gave it back to me because something bad or hard was going to happen during or after our move and I would need this medallion that I loved so much and which connected me to God and Its serenity. Ive been wearing the medallion every day since and will wear it every single day always, even if it doesnt go with a fancy outfit. Our move was hard but Hank and I survived it and are doing well. Although we have to move again in a year and dont know where we will live, though we want to stay in Milford.       ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2946,NDA,1565,70,,M,"I was out of my body, looking down on Jesus Christ carrying my physical body in his arms which appeared to be as light as a feather. As Jesus walked through clouds, I could see fireworks going off all around us. I was telepathically told these were prayers and I could feel the energy from them. I could feel unconditional love, comfort, and somehow I knew that I would be okay.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",Junio,Retired,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2947,NDE,1487,30,,M,    ,,  Colombi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,  fine,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2948,DEE,1439,42,,M,"I saw the white light an that changed my view of the world. I suddenly understood what love is and the Power of love. I also understood in a different way most of the speaking from Jesus and other spiritual persons as Eckhart Tolle, Deepak Chopra, etc. In some way I just recoqnized what they were saying as the truth.    ",,Norwegian,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",maste,I was a,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2949,ME ,1564,17,,F,"At the moment I stopped, there was a terrific CRACK! and lightning struck the house. The phone next to the doorway rang, and a flash of light leapt across the doorway and struck the metal latch plate. I was only inches from this flash of light and would have been in its path if I hadnt stopped the instant I did. But I had no idea why I stopped. There was no conscious decision on my part. I just stopped! Then Ka-pow! I stood there astonished for a few moments, and there came Dad down the hall in his bathrobe, asking if everything was okay. I said I was alright but I thought the phone had been fried. He picked up the receiver and said it was dead. I never knew if I would have been seriously harmed by that blast of electrons, but I felt some entity had protected me. That experience made me question how autonomous I really am and how much may be going on behind the scenes that Im not aware of. At the time, it didnt occur to me that at the soul level I may be on different wavelengths of time/perception/etc.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I was s,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2950,NDE,1138,34,,F,"As I pondered my situation, I slowly became aware of overwhelming feelings of peace, love, acceptance, and certain knowledge of perfection and purpose. I felt great awe. It quickly became clear to me that the light was the ultimate intellect, love, and creative force. The psychological environment in which I now existed literally permeated around and through me. I knew that Light knew my every nuance, every thought, and every deed. Amazingly, it still loved me, even viewed me with a certain sense of delighted humor. In an odd way the Light was part of me. Yet it was also everything else. As I easily, and happily, settled into this new environment I realized that time and space were very different than what I was used to. I could follow multiple trains of thought and experience in what seemed to be a simultaneous manner. It was akin to how we use time in dreams in that numerous situations were playing out in \xe2\x80\x98no time\xe2\x80\x99. I was luxuriating in the perfection of the situation, while simultaneously making mental notes of my surroundings. At the same time, Light was addressing me thru telepathy and instilling within me what I later called scrolls of knowledge. These scrolls unraveled and revealed information about the true nature of reality. I think that the figurative scrolls were thought forms that existed within Light and Light was mentally pushing them onto my consciousness. I had no idea what they meant, as the ideas and knowledge contained within was light years more complex than I could grasp. I sensed the periphery and intent of the scrolls and knew that it would take eternity to sort it all out. Still, the bit I could sort out made it clear that in the physical dimension we are capable of experience far beyond what we ever imagined. Prior to the NDE I had experienced three enormously frightening out-of-bodies. Frightening because I \xe2\x80\x98caught myself\xe2\x80\x99 in the upper corner of the ceiling, watching myself sleep on each occasion. I did not know what was happening. I had never heard of an out-of-body experience. Now I knew, clearly, that the out-of-bodies were normal, and just the tip of the iceberg of what humans could and should experience. I received, thru telepathically transmitted images and thoughts, a glimpse of the fully developed multi-dimensional being. As I floated within Light, numerous paths of information were being delivered to me. I felt peaceful, and perfect. Suddenly I heard a deep male voice say, \xe2\x80\x9cDo you want to go back?\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cBack?\xe2\x80\x9d I thought, \xe2\x80\x9cback to where?\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x9cIf you want to go back, concentrate on that noise\xe2\x80\x9d, it said. My thought was NO; I do not want to go anywhere! The thought of leaving this new, yet strangely familiar, environment seemed a travesty. Still for some reason I turned my attention slightly to the left. Far away, as if thru a long train tunnel, I heard a faint noise. As I listened more intently, it got louder. I realized it was my beloved husband Ed. He was screaming my name. The next thing I knew, I was coming to consciousness in my bed. After returning to physicality I felt very lethargic and drifted off to sleep. The NDE remained clear in my mind. I didn\xe2\x80\x99t know what it was, having never heard of an NDE, but I knew it was real. The next day Ed phoned me at work and said he had scheduled an appointment with my doctor, and was coming over to take me to it. At the doctor\xe2\x80\x99s office he said I had been having some sort of seizure that did not involve convulsions. It was more like a dead person. He said my body had seized up like it was frozen and my eyes had rolled back in my head. He hadn\xe2\x80\x99t told me until now, as he did not want to scare me. I thought I had just lost consciousness.     ",,USA citiz,"251,00",agnostic,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,Account,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2951,DEE,1534,57,,M,No noise. I was fortunate to have a first hand experience that strengthened my faith in things beyond the physical world.    ,,US    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,Tree se,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2952,ADC,1139,36,,F,i learned that staying on this earth could be a very happy experience if you choose it to be. i was feeling low that my dad had passed. his way of coming through with something we shared together was a way of telling me that i should stay and enjoy life.    ,,usa    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",colle,VP Adve,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2953,PLR,1429,26,,M,"I felt lots of love, it make me to research on reincarnation stories.    ",,I am a ci,"100,00",religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,weekly,week,moder,very st,"25,000 49",some,Ladies,,single,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2954,ADC,1547,31,,M,All described in detail above in #43.    ,,Canadian,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",colle,Jazz pi,,marri,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2955,ADC,1035,61,,F,"To continue the above, I knew that this had to be a sign from Herb. He was letting me know that he was around and that he was okay. I had once owned a volkswagen bug that I was fond of before I met Herb. I had told him how I missed that car. To have a volkwsagen bug in front of me with the license plate Herbie at just that time and place indicated to me that Herb was okay and was still alive in some form. I was comforted. Since then, I have had other signs from him that would be only meaningful to me, but that I know are from him.    ",,citizen,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",docto,educato,,widow,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2956,DEE,1442,66,,M,"This vision was not a day dream or a thought, it was a vision that took me to her room as i lay awake watching a baseball game. It came and it went on its own. As much as i tried i could not and can not repeat this vision. I have memory of it, but cannot re-create it. At the time of the vision we did not know she was close to death. Actually the doctors were telling us her cancer was in remission and felt hopeful that she would survive. The vision was in black and white and the two angelic figures in this vision were ghostly in appearance, or i should say, i could see through them. They had no wings and their clothing looked like long floor length gowns. Their hair was shoulder length. The gowns had a strap or belt at the waist. I could not tell if they were male of female and could not clearly see faces.    ",,U.S. Citi,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",Junio,Self Em,,marri,widow,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
2957,ADC,1012,72,,F,see above    ,,citizen o,1 2000,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High sc,Legal S,,married,widowed,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2958,ME ,1049,34,,F,"After experiencing Jesus in meditation, I continued to have visions of myself in my church and reminders that since college I had wanted to go to divinty school. I had not followed this calling due to a teaching degree, marriage, children etc and had all but forgotten it. Here in this thin place, it returned with great strength.    ",,United St,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Yoga te,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2959,ME ,1211,51,,F,"I was SO comforted, both at the time and later when I found his body. I knew he was loved and safe and free from the struggles of his life here. I learned that there was no judgment of Steve for his life that, from a human perspective, would be considered wasted. The feelings, the awareness, took me far beyond the teachings of my legalistic religious childhood.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Masters,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2960,DEE,1467,46,,M,"I had a sudden, totally overwhelming feeling of being loved. It was so intense it was unbearable. It came with a message (unspoken) with 3 simultaneously delivered components This is how much you are loved You have always been loved thus, and will always be It doesnt matter what you do, you will always be loved this way.  I think the whole event lasted maybe half a second in real time I immediately burst into tears, and cried for about half an hour, crying I think because I had ever doubted that this was so, and that I had been completely unaware of this love. Rather like a lost child being reunited with a loving parent.    ",,british a,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,never,moder,none,"0 24,999",maste,enginee,,marri,marri,Yes,moderately str,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2961,ADC,1069,43,,F,"In my dream, I was sitting on my front porch on a concrete bench, enjoying a beautiful sunny day. As i looked into the blue sky, I saw little pinpoints of light appearing one of which became larger and larger and hovered over me. I understood it to say that my brother was coming to see me and I turned to see him sitting beside me on the bench. He teased me about my jewelry (something he did quite a lot)and told me he loved me. I got to tell him goodbye and tell him I loved him as well. Then, He was gone.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Physica,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2962,ME ,1048,40,,F,"I was exhausted, and VERY fearful..I was always on alert that someone (doctor/nurse) would approach me to tell me that he was gone..I knew I could not handle this...and felt if I was alert and watchful I could hold them off..it was exhausting ..this alertness...this seemed something that was constant...even tho I was exhausted I felt I had to be watchful...and this would keep them away...so when I was sitting in a chair watching the hands of the clock tick away approaching 12:00 midnight...so I could visit the ICU..I apparently drifted off as I had this vision: Faces of people started appearing before, just faces and they were lined up behind each other..it was dark around the faces, yet the faces were normal and they kept coming at me; one by one they would pass as they approached me, the the next one would come, I knew there were more of them...I did not recognize them nor did I try at the time...After several passed, something caught my eye on the next face, FEAR overcame me and I Stopped It...something really frightened me about this face..it was that Alertness thing..I noticed something on the bridge of this mans nose..wasnt sure what it was..sort of like a long worm laying across the bridge of his nose...I was afraid to let him pass..didnt know what it was or what it meant, but it frightened me so..but after a while I knew I HAD to let him pass, so I let him do so very slowly.. stop and go...he had dark hair and a full face and this thing on the bridge of the nose.. I looked at him carefully with the fearful thing.....then behind him was a woman with reddish hair...and then it was over, I sort of woke up and it was 12:00 and I went down to he ICU..he passed a few days later.    ",,Born rais,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Insuran,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2963,ME ,1265,66,,M,"Ive described most of the experience above. But additionally, I felt that for a moment in time the world as I knew it, simply stopped. It seemed both immediate and eternal, at the same time. I didnt pay much attention to the potential consequences, at the time of the accident. It wasnt until I meditated on the experience that I felt the full potential of what had happened and what could have happened. I could have been killed. At the time, it was just a minor accident. But, it wasnt, really. I am very thankful to be able to tell this story. As I recount it, part of me takes the results for granted-(foolish human). It was Divine intervention, I have no doubt. I learned, again, not to take God and Guru for granted. I owe my life to the Divine in more ways than I can conceive. I am grateful, Graceful.    ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,Marriag,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
2964,ME ,1181,29,,F,"Immediately I experienced a musical, multi=colored light that was dimensional and had moving facets as it poured into me, and I heard Jesus chuckling (I was somewhat indignant, did He not see my sorry estate?) He chuckled in a fatherly way as though I were a newborn kitten with its eyes closed in terms of understanding anything and He asked me Are you afraid to suffer? Then, then! The influx of a body of knowledge instantly came into me about how short life is and how long eternity is, how there is no suffering in eternity and nothing can ever hurt Jesus so He has no need of pride because He cant be hurt, I perceived that He is completely humble because of that total lack of need for pride. He is perfectly happy to have anyone, anyone, anyone! join Him in heaven, and is happy to have anyone even want to join Him there, especially if you dont hate Him. I was shocked that anyone could hate Him, but yes, people do and He is happy to let them go elsewhere. The musical colored light had brought me a complete mood change from agonizing mental pain to joy. I felt I would climb mountains and swim the sea for Jesus. He was jovial and amused, humble and enthralling.    ",,US citize,"251,00",agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,Secreta,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2965,ME ,1067,33,,F,"I prayed for probably 3 4 months, as I continued to read the Course and do the workbook. Suddenly, literally out of the blue, one day I had an encounter with my boss where I felt blamed for something that wasnt my fault. He said something to me, and I responded in a really defensive way. The moment I spoke my response to him, I felt the left side of my scalp tingle. Not just a tiny tingle, but the ENTIRE left side of my scalp really tingled like the way you might imagine it feels when a cats hair stands on end. During this encounter with my boss, I was fully aware something strange had happened on my scalp...but I was too wrapped up in the defensive discussion to really pay that much attention to it. Later on the same day, I had a negative thought about something else, and this very strong tingle thing happened again. Very shortly, I realized what seemed to be happening was that my prayer had been answered...I was being shown without question, which of my thoughts had a negative component to them by having this very strong tingle each and every time I had one! This amazed me, and still does to this day. For the next several months, I got used to this feeling and played around with it. It happens without fail, when I have any thought that violates Gods (or our own) nature. If my thought is really big, the tingle is really big and covers the entire left side of my head. If my thought is smaller, a passing thing, the tingle will still be there...only reduced to a tiny tingle on mostly the top of the left side of my head. As I worked with this feeling, I learned very quickly how to avoid the types of thoughts that would make the tingle happen. At this time, I rarely have the tingle...ie: I have trained my thought process to be much more loving. The tingle is still there very strongly if I slip up, however. I can also make the tingle happen on purpose, simply by deliberately thinking about a very negative or hateful emotion. I thought this was interesting in that it is something I can do at will, as well as it being there to warn me off bad thoughts when I havent been trying.    ",,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",Some,bookkee,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2966,DEE,1305,55,,F,"One day when I was 55, my spiritual life shifted into a new direction. This is a funny and ironic story. I was shopping alone in my local Bed, Bath and Beyond store, buying stuff and yet another set of bed linens because I didnt have that particular shade of beige. I suddenly stopped walking and looked down at all the stuff in my cart and felt a longing. I thought to myself, Is this it? Is this all there is to life? That Peggy Lee song came into my head: Is That All There Is? I just stood there, in that store, staring at all my stuff in the cart, and feeling a strong yearning to find a deeper meaning to life. I wasnt thinking to find God yet. I just wanted to know a deeper meaning to life. I couldnt believe that life was just about cooking dinners, buying bed linens and sending people greeting cards. I didnt realize then that I wanted to find God. The funny and ironic part of this story is that God planted this second seed (the first seed had to do with Rose Kennedys face, which Ill submit soon) at the store called Bed, Bath and BEYOND. A girlfriend brought this irony to my attention, which I didnt get at the time of the STE. At the moment that my STE occurred, I told myself that I was going to find a deeper meaning in life. My mood changed. I was now joyful and hopeful that I would find Meaning in life. I was a little excited by my new project.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,atheist,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2967,ADC,1460,50,,F,"In my dream, a woman was sitting on the floor. She appeared to be around late 60s/ early 70s. She was naked, sitting with her back to me initially and appeared to have burns over her body. She turned her head around and she had the face of one of my physiotherapy clients. At the same time I knew this woman wasnt my client, but I knew that by seeing the face of my client, that my friend knew this woman. I asked this woman her name and she said Beth. We then had a telepathic conversation in which she told me she was scared of passing over. She was scared of being burned, of going to Hell.    ",,Australia,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",colle,Physiot,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2968,ME ,1083,23,,M,What I saw was factual pictures of the people I resented. It let me know that I did not know how to live. It broke thru the denial that I was fine. It opened my up to ask for help.    ,,U.S. Citi,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Enliste,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2969,ME ,1287,57,,F,"On January 12, 2002 something pivotal happened that enabled me to open my mind to believe in God. My husband Hank and I were staying at a historic, antique-filled bed and breakfast, Butternut Farm, in Glastonbury, Connecticut. (I dont think the owners of this establishment would want it to be made public that their bed and breakfast is haunted.) It was Saturday night and we went to sleep on the comfortable and luxurious bed. In the middle of the night, I woke up, eyes wide open, and sat up tall in bed. Looking back on this experience, I must have looked like I was in one of those movies when someone is under a spell and rises from their sleep with their eyes wide open, back straight as a board. I didnt hear or smell anything and I wasnt touched by anything but I instantly turned my head to the left and saw something. About three feet away from me, suspended in mid air about eye level to me, was a ghost. The ghost was shaped like a huge, round, horizontal Bayer aspirin tablet. It was flat on the top and bottom with rounded edges. It was about two feet in diameter. The ghost was made up of thousands of tiny black particles, each shaped like a sperm, which furiously rotated clockwise as fast as a tornado. It spun around so violently that it spewed off some of the tiny black particles. But, although the ghost was just a couple of feet away and although it was spinning as fast as a tornado, I didnt feel a breeze and none of the particles touched me. It was as if the ghost was contained in its own little world, separate from my human world. This whole experience actually lasted just a few seconds, because as soon as I sat up and turned my head and my eyes saw the ghost, as if it saw me looking at it, it instantly broke down into an amoebic mob of black particles and made a mad dash for the closed old door and disappeared through the long crack of the warped frame. I sat up for a while thinking about this experience. Strangely, I did not feel fear because if I did, I would have awakened my husband. I did feel a sort of fear because I didnt want to put my head back down on the pillow, afraid to go back to sleep, afraid the ghost would return. But I was very tired and layed back down to ponder what I should do. The next thing I knew, it was morning. As soon as we woke up, I told Hank about the ghost. He just listened to me. He looked like he was believing me. I told him there probably was a small chance it was all a dream but I didnt think so. It didnt feel like a dream. It felt real and I remembered it in vivid detail. When we went downstairs for breakfast, I was so excited that I told everyone in the dining room what happened to me that night. The two owners mockingly pooh-poohed my story but there was a visiting pastor from Pennsylvania. She also stayed overnight because she was to give a sermon at a nearby church. She confirmed that she was also visited by the ghost. She said she didnt see what I saw but she woke up during the night and felt its presence sitting in a chair by her bed. She said that in her line of work, people often came to her with stories and issues concerning ghosts and spirits. With the pastor as witness, I was validated 100% that I did indeed see a ghost. Actually, I think this pastor was an Angel because in the days ahead I tried to reach her but I couldnt find her anywhere, even though she gave me her business card. It was as if she disappeared. Seeing the ghost was a shocking but crucial experience. It had served a greater purpose in my life than just to amaze me. It took about a year for me to digest and process the ghost before I could tell anyone else. Then I told a friend. After getting this experience out, I started to really think about the ghost. It suddenly dawned on me that I saw a ghost! The reality of seeing a ghost, I realized, became proof that there really was a spiritual world. Standing now on the threshold of this whole new world, my mind looked out and wondered: Wow! Now that I know there really is a spiritual world and that ghosts are real, what else can I believe in? The answer came in my very next breath: God. But, still, I didnt find God for another year. And on that day, everything became crystal clear.    ",,U.S. citi,"50,000",atheist,spiritual,Jewish,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Author,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
2970,DEE,1060,32,,F,"I was writhing on the bed from the extreme discomfort of nausea and cramping. I was losing fluids in waves from all ends. The bathroom was close by (I was making frequent trips) but was lying on the bed to rest between waves. I felt a presence come to me it was above me and a little bit to the left. I didnt see a face, but I felt it tremendous love and a feeling of simplicity and calm, grace, peace, that everything was fine and accepted. If I were to give the presence a color, I would say it was a very pale grey, like a dove, not white. It said to me through direct knowing, not a voice Do you want to stay or do you want to go? And thats when I realized the severity of my condition, reacted, called my husband and he called the hotel staff.    ",,USA    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,Housewi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2971,ADC,1530,42,,F,Please see answer question 8    ,,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Directo,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2972,DEE,1486,24,,M,I found myself moving in a tunnel with the walls looking like lumpy dark clouds. I saw a light up ahead. Suddenly the light engulfed me with a complete feeling of total love.    ,,Citizen o,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2973,ADC,1343,52,,M,    ,,citizen,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",High,Truckdr,,divor,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2974,ADC,1216,42,,F,n/a    ,,Natural b,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"0 24,999",High,stay at,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2975,ADC,1296,60,,F,"I listened to Bruce Moens Afterlife Retrieval CD. I opened myself to help any spirit who may need me. As I listened to the CD, It took me to a tree house, then a door. I went through the door into blackness. Then I saw Donna. I said, Oh Donna, youre here. She presented herself to me as I remembered her (with her glasses on) and was grinning. Then I saw Her Jesus. She turned away from me and ran into his arms and through herself up, warping her legs around his waist like a little child would. He hugged her warmly. Then she turned her head toward me, grinning, then gave me a thumbs up. End of vision.    ",,Citizen U,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",Junio,Medical,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2976,NDE,1098,37,,F," I started drifting off and could only vaguely hear them now.  I found myself floating down a long tunnel. I looked all around and was aware of a soft and mesmerizing light at the end. I wanted to rush towards it but found it hard to move forward and could do so only by forcing myself forward half swimming, half walking. Then, I heard a distant faint voice cry out \xe2\x80\x9cSinus rhythm collapsing, we are losing her\xe2\x80\x9d but I felt completely disinterested in this. Who was being lost? I did not know who they were talking about and was annoyed at the interruption. Now I only had eyes for the wonderful glowing light at the end of the tunnel which seemed to hold promise of great warmth and love unending. I felt so joyful and excited and all awareness of my body on the bed left me as I tried for some time to reach the light. I knew absolutely that wonderful things were awaiting, if I could only get to the end of the tunnel. The light now loomed larger and I could see faint outlines of figures waiting there, beckoning me forwards. I wondered, \xe2\x80\x9cWho is waiting there, is it Sai Baba, angels or loved ones?\xe2\x80\x9d I tried harder and harder to reach the end of the tunnel.  Then, a very faint voice interrupted my travels with a tiny urgent \xe2\x80\x9cBaby on Board\xe2\x80\x9d and a pleading \xe2\x80\x9cBreathe! You must breathe\xe2\x80\x9d. (A nurse was apparently shouting loudly into my ear). This caught my attention. I stopped in the middle of the tunnel and wondered, \xe2\x80\x9cWho has a baby on board, who should be breathing?\xe2\x80\x9d And then thought \xe2\x80\x9cPerhaps it is me, perhaps I am pregnant, if I am, then I must go back\xe2\x80\x9d and I turned reluctantly around. It was so hard to leave that wonderful promise of all-encompassing Love and Joy waiting in the Light and those light filled beings waiting there. The return down the tunnel was brutally sudden. I came back to consciousness to experience total chaos, doctors were shouting and my whole body was in pain. I felt icy cold, but I could see I was indeed pregnant. My memories flooded back and I knew I had many children and others who needed me to hold on. I fought to come back and although the heart rhythm was still unstable, immediately went into labour. Serious faced heart specialists told me \xe2\x80\x9cYou can\xe2\x80\x99t have the baby yet, we will deliver in two weeks when your heart has settled down\xe2\x80\x9d. I did not argue, I could see their point, but I knew from my previous eight deliveries that this labour was not a trial run. So exhausted, I steeled myself for a long night. Whether it was the right time or not, this baby was on its way. I was informed later that day, that I had flat lined for some time and that had this episode happened at our house, some one hours drive from the nearest hospital, both William and I would have died. I reflected on that urgent message in the morning, no wonder I had to get to hospital that day. How strange the many delays that had led to the nurse colliding with the heart specialist! I realized that I had been somehow protected all the way through this crisis. I also felt enormous gratitude for the nurse who had shouted in my ear, because I realized that I had only turned back because of her prompting as all knowledge of my present life had been wiped out. At dawn the following morning with labour well advanced, a grim faced team of Heart specialists and surgeons gathered to deliver the baby. I was hooked to a bank of heart monitors, and had needles in my feet, arms and hands. The recalcitrant heart was still racing and wobbling around. Their ominous expressions told me that they didnt give much for our chances under anaesthetic.   Would you like to leave any messages? I was asked. None, I replied. My husband and children knew I loved them, I told them that every day. Since seeing the two little boys standing together on that planet four years earlier in the OOBE, I felt sure that William at least, would survive to be with his brother. As the anesthetic took hold, I felt totally at peace, after all I had come close to the Light and it was so wonderful, I had no fear of death left. William was delivered with only minor difficulties apparently unharmed by his pre-natal adventure in the Star Trek ship!      ",,NEW ZEALA,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,UNIVERS,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2977,ME ,1558,49,,F,In the video we observed a light blue round object (Orb) fly in at a fast speed and bounce around as it watched the balloons fly away in the far.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,Medical,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2978,ADC,1191,35,,F,"I didnt observe anything. It was entirely spiritual. I felt a strong feeling of reassurance and love. I felt freed from fear of death, and fear of life.    ",,Citizen,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,none,"0 24,999",some,Housewi,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2979,ME ,1195,60,,F,"It was an experience that lasted, perhaps 4 or 5 seconds, that parallels Dr. Alexanders description of his experience in his coma. I was in what I believe was the thin space between awakening and perhaps dreaming (or perhaps oxygen deprivation through Apnea or astral travel?) when I became conscious of the feeling of experiencing everything in the Universe all at once. (My best description of the event.) It was delightful and happy and amazing and as I became conscious, I tried to go back to sleep so that I could enjoy more of this. However, I knew without a doubt, that it was not a dream, that it was nothing I had ever experienced before, that it was unexplainable, and I was in the middle of it.    ",,US Citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Busines,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2980,DEE,1174,35,,F,"There was a person or someone in my room speaking with me and it felt as though they were downloading me with information of the Universe. I felt very exilerated when I would awaken the next morning. This lasted about 3 days. I felt as if I knew the answers to everything. Time began to slow down and I found children to be absolutely AMAZING! I also saw flickers of light in my periferal vision (often) which I would think to myself were possibly angels. I also had an experience during this time where a light came across my vision (similar to a pulsating and spinning vibration) that took over my complete line of sight (it took about 30 minutes for it to completely happen and it happened while I was at work one day). It also shook me to my core and I realize now that I was frightened by the experience and I quit meditating. It felt strange to be in that state of mind and it did frighten me a bit. Once I was removed from the experience, which was about a month or so. I realized that something incredible had happened to me and that I wanted to get back to it. I have since continued reading and studying metaphysics and have continued with my meditation. I have found that to this day I still wonder and think about that time in my life and I KNOW that it happened for a reason.    ",,Citizen o,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Paraleg,,divor,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2981,OBE,1443,25,,F,"When I was in my 20s, I had a number of out of body experiences where I would find myself in a different location than my body. (was not on drugs or attempting OBE, did not know much about it and still dont) What was significant to me was the experience of seeing without eyes and hearing without ears. That is the best way I could describe it. Experience was hyper real Was able to confirm once with a sister-in-law, that while my body was not present, I was with her and accurately observing her. Leaving an OBE felt like my body fit like a glove that was too tight. Was no emotional physical trauma going on at the time. Have not had these experiences since then. Of note, I have always been a lucid dreamer am aware I am dreaming while I am asleep and can consciously influence what is going on in dreams I enjoy flying, changing locations with a thought and walking through walls. Also of note have always felt unconditionally loved its just kind of who I am. Feels like something I carry with me no matter the circumstances.    ",,US    Q.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,nurse,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2982,ME ,1352,41,,F,"I felt excited, happy and when she hugged me a warmth of joy! Words here on earth do no justice to explain how it felt! I remember calling her sister that morning with joy and excitement but also apprehension. would she believe or not. My duty was to my patient who wanted her sister to know she was excited and joyful to be going home! I called Cin, told her I had to speak to her and would it be okay. I was welcomed, I went first to Dee laying in a coma, bloated, ball headed and took her hand. I whispered in her ear, told her I would pass her message on to Cin and gave her a kiss. I told Cin, you are going to think I am crazy and she laughed, stated she already thought that. It made it easy to tell her all and she cried. She stated she believed me without a doubt, for she had experienced something similar when her Mom had died. She thanked me and was glad I told her.    ",,Us    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Certifi,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2983,DEE,1213,69,,M,See item 25    ,,US citize,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,I am re,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2984,ADC,1530,42,,F,Please see answer question 8    ,,US citize,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Directo,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2985,OBE,1383,39,,F,Please look under 11.    ,,Swedish.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Buddhist,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Medical,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2986,ME ,1083,23,,M,What I saw was factual pictures of the people I resented. It let me know that I did not know how to live. It broke thru the denial that I was fine. It opened my up to ask for help.    ,,U.S. Citi,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Enliste,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2987,DEE,1234,24,,M,"Introduction While I read through \xe2\x80\x9cProof of Heaven\xe2\x80\x9d I was struck by the similarity of several distinct items that were present within a spiritual experience that occurred to me. The items that Dr. Eben Alexander presented in \xe2\x80\x9cProof of Heaven that were similar if not identical to what I experienced are as follows: 1.) Peoples clothes were natural to the environment. 2.) The experiences were perceived to be magnitudes more real than normal life. 3.) The \xe2\x80\x9cglorious chant\xe2\x80\x9d was everywhere and came from many places. 4.) A exhilarating sense of unity with all that exists. 5.) Dr. Eben Alexanders description of communication as, \xe2\x80\x9cthoughts that entered me directly\xe2\x80\x9d is similar to the direct communication with the Word of God that came upon me. The Word communicated as if through every subatomic particle field--not through words but through the Word of God. Although the religious experience written here is in dream format, the information transferred and situations experienced were of a supra consciousness nature. The religious experience developed as an independent psychological process over a twenty year period--from adolescence to adulthood. The religious experience happened to me at age 24 on September 03, 1979. I am 57 years old. Since I was 24 years old I have had no extraordinary psychological experiences. Personal experiences with direct spiritual development of consciousness are eternal and transcend both living experiences and after death experiences. Heaven is not strictly an after death state and something, perhaps a \xe2\x80\x9ccosmic mind,\xe2\x80\x9d interacts with the human brain and shares some obscure affinity with each human mind. In a sense \xe2\x80\x9cIt\xe2\x80\x9d is omnipresent; heaven is all around us but we typically fail to see it. Both living and after death experiences attest to this fact. This experience is of the living variety.  The Trances From age 4 through 21 I had experienced approximately 10 trances that would take me to what seemed like another dimension. My first recollection, of two symbols that appeared in one form or another throughout the trances and in the religious experience, was from a time as a kid with high fever. I saw two sparkling nuns that were walking along an infinite seashore. Children were playing beneath a sun umbrella and fragile autumn leaves blew across the sand. I perceived an infinitely dense black line coming from the sky to crush the leaves, the sun umbrella and the children. I cried out, \xe2\x80\x9cthe line. the line\xe2\x80\x9d as my mother put cold water and rubbing alcohol on my forehead to reduce the fever. The trances stopped occurring during fever (associated with illness) around 10 years old. But I would try to stay awake by watching T.V. late into the night because I knew the trance would take place if I fell asleep and that scared me. Usually when the trance started Id get up out of bed and sit in a chair. The experience then caused the world to fade out. The walls of the room would disappear and a dark space with two huge dense masses of sparkling energy would transfer their energy back and forth through a sparkling, connecting line along which the energy flowed. I had no recognition of my presence. When the one mass would become infinitesimal to the point of disappearing, the other would become dense and heavy. Then I would become frightened. But, eventually, the energy would transfer out of the dense and heavy sparkling mass along the line and back into the one that almost disappeared. The last few times, around 20 years old, when I experienced the trances, the episodes were witnessed without fear. Id get up out of bed, sit on a couch and simply watch the show. Afterwords, I thought that was really strange but it didnt make any sense so I didnt think much of it. When I was 24 years old, at a time when my mind was biologically mature, I had a profound religious experience that seemed to be the end result of the trances. It was in the form of a dream that I could understand. Although this experience was in dream-like symbolism. I experienced it far greater than waking life experiences. Perception and emotion while in it had been enhanced. I often referred to an increase of reality to a magnitude of 10 when recounting the experience. Carl Jung stated that what acts is actual and this experience was actually the most intense experience in my life. Like a dream that you try to recall, while it fades away with the more time that passes between waking and the writing of it, much of the details escaped my memory at the time of writing it. I was in tears and quite overwhelmed upon waking but some parts of the dream that I remember and wrote are still remembered along with the emotional intensity as evidenced in my consistent effort",,US Citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Machini,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2988,SDE,1463,54,,F,"I was sitting there while she was sobbing and I was just thinking and seeing him spiritually, when I felt this over whelming calling of him to look at him, like a child learning to ride a bike for the first time, they are excited and are jumping up and down to get your attention. I looked because thought I should, and that is when it happened. I never saw him but followed where he wanted me to go. I never heard a word or saw any human or other form. He was beckoning me to follow and I was above beautiful pastures and then higher above a mountain with waterfalls, and it was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. I felt total joy, enthusiasm, peace, love, and I remember thinking, take me, I need this too, why cant I go too? The next thing I saw was the bluest most eternal sky ever and then there was a bright light and I could not go any further. When I was aware that I was back in the room, I was in shock from what had just happened, but the room was filled with a golden warm moving stream of light, that was fading. I started yelling to my friend who was sobbing in horrific grief, that he was in the light, cant you see the light? I got up and started shaking her violently and told her she had to remember this moment and what I was saying, that it was that important. The light kept swirling around us and dimming as it was leaving. I didnt want it to go, but it did.    ",,usa    Q.,"100,00",religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,custome,,divor,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
2989,ADC,1348,49,,F,"I was lying face down on the massage table when a soccer game began to unfold in front of me. I thought \xe2\x80\x9cthat\xe2\x80\x99s nice\xe2\x80\x9d. The game then came closer \xe2\x80\x9cinto my line of vision\xe2\x80\x9d (even though my eyes were closed). It was vivid, techno-color and I remember thinking it was so real. The kids that were playing were cute and happy, smiling, and intent on their game. One child seemed to really grab my attention, he was blond and handsome and so well formed, and I remember thinking \xe2\x80\x9cthat\xe2\x80\x99s what Nick would look like if he were alive\xe2\x80\x9d.  They were having so much fun with this game. The next thing I knew, the kid that looked like my son kicked the ball and I thought, that\xe2\x80\x99s a goal for sure; then the ball swerved and came towards me at Mach speed and slammed me in the face. The next instant, it was snatched back by Nick (by son) and he stood there radiantly smiling for a few seconds and he said \xe2\x80\x9cThat one was for you, mom \xe2\x80\x93 just to let you know, I\xe2\x80\x99m OK\xe2\x80\x9d. He waved good bye as he ran back onto the field and began playing with his friends.  I jumped so high on the massage table, that the masseur who was massaging my upper back and neck at the time, actually jumped back a few feet and said \xe2\x80\x9cWow, what just happened?\xe2\x80\x9d  The child I saw was my child, he would have been the age my son would have been if he were alive, about 7 or 8 years old. When I thought back on this, I thought it was a little mean to slam me in the face with a soccer ball, but then I chuckled because I knew that was what was needed to get through my layers of grief. I knew he was telling me that he was fine and that I should \xe2\x80\x9cget on with my own life\xe2\x80\x9d.     ",,US Citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"50,000 99",some,Broker-,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
2990,ADC,1433,22,,F,"I dreamed I went into an art-house movie theater that I liked. I walked down the aisle to sit down, found a seat, and looked over to see my father sitting next to me. I could see every line and detail on his face, so I knew it was him. I was speechless, and excited, and tried to think of something to say. I kind of stammered, did you want to meet my fiance? He said, No I just want to be with you. I felt such peace knowing that he loved me after all.    ",,born citi,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",Junio,working,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2991,ME ,1207,12,,M,"when i was given the anesthetic (mask), i immediately was out of it. what i saw and experienced was other worldly. i heard a musical vibrating sound (like a tuning fork) and music that i had never heard before or since. it was very melodic and somehow familiar, but not from this world. and i saw a spinning light that would seem to dart off in a direction when i would feel pain (probably from the procedure). the experience was very strange. nothing that has ever happened to me before or since compares to it.    ",,US citize,1 mill,religious,religious,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"50,000 99",colle,student,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,Pleasant & distressing,youth
2992,DEE,1202,29,,F,"During the waiting period, I decided to speak to the Mother aspect of the Goddess. I was going to be 30 in about 5 months and was wondering about my lifes direction. When it came time for me, I was escorted down the lit path to the lower circle by an attendant; they helped people up and down the path for safety reasons. He asked me which aspect I had chosen and I told him. We walked over to where that Priestess was working. She had someone there and I was told to wait. She would tell me to come over to her when she was ready. She raised her hand and waved me over. I knelt at her feet. I felt an amazing amount of energy around me, it was actually quite warm. I was wearing a cloak but had to remove it. I didnt look at her face. A voice spoke and asked me what I wished to know. Her voice was clear, calm, and so beautiful. I asked for clarity in the coming years. If there was anything I needed to know or was missing. I could feel her smile. I had my eyes closed. The next thing I felt was her hand on my forehead. An amazing amount of energy surged through me and I felt like I had been drenched in love energy. I began to cry. I never felt so accepted, understood, and knew that no matter what I did or choices I made, I was loved and would always be her daughter. I wept. Such unconditional love completely overwhelmed me. Once we finished, the attendant came to help me up and I continued to cry all the way back up the path. He held me and we walked to the upper fire where a chair was waiting. He sat me down and got me some apple juice to drink. He told me to wait there until I could walk back to my camp unaided. Once I got back to camp, I kept crying for several hours. I felt like I was purging all the negative beliefs about who I was.      ",,US citize,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Operati,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2993,ADC,1464,17,,F,"When we were ending I look outside the window, and there was a person looking at me from the square that was in front of the school, I remember that I have my hand in my chin, and I ask myself, is He looking at me?. then I see this person gives me a big smile, I didnt recognized him till that moment, it was my grandfather looking a lot younger with black and white hair, a jacket and jeans I only see in a photograph in which he was with my when I was a month old. Then I knew he has passed away. He have had Alzheimer for as long I remember, and that smile tells me that all was alright, He was finally at peace and free of that prision that have him bedridden for almost two years. I got out of classes and walk to me grandparents houses that was four bloks away, I found my mom in the way and tells me about my grandfather death, i just tell her I know.    ",,Citizen,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,High Sc,,single,single,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
2994,ME ,1342,67,,F,"I observed an average looking man resting on an embankment near me. there were no sounds, just an awareness in my mind that I loved him more than anything, and I felt he loved me the same way; again, nothing sexual... just the agape love    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,medical,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2995,ME ,1096,61,,F,"Many people had been asked to send healing to aid my recovery. On this second night,following a total hysterectomy. I saw endless blue lights, in all sizes and shades, from pinpoint to large orbs, they came to me, mostly to area of operation. They followed medical staff in and out of the room, especially ones who seemed dedicated to their work. After injections, I saw a pinpoint of blue light at the site. This night I was in the most pain of my stay, despite maximum analgesics. Even so, I felt very peaceful and coped with the pain. The blue lights came to me all night, entering the room and coming towards me. My feeling was that I was actually seeing healing or the manifestation of healing as a real energy sent by thoughts of healing.    ",,UK    Q.,"251,00",spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,retired,,marri,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
2996,DEE,1441,31,,F,see above.    ,,us    Q.,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",colle,embroid,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2997,ADC,1216,42,,F,n/a    ,,Natural b,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,avera,"0 24,999",High,stay at,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
2998,DEE,1522,58,,F,"I felt tingling over my shoulders, neck and head and was aware that I had spiritual visitors, possibly three, there was some low level noise/speech that I couldnt decifer. I felt honoured that they had come to visit me, and I raised my head and looked up toward the ceiling a thin, lustrous, moving gold sheet was being moved above me from behind me towards the front of me, and pieces of gold dust were falling from the gold sheet onto me and the bed linen. I looked towards the beds on the other side of the room, and all was as it was before patients and their visitors talking, nursing staff in attendance. I was awake and lucid, and I thought to myself I will survive this (cancer experience and its treatment).    ",,Australia,"251,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",some,Securit,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
2999,DEE,1239,36,,F,"It is very hard to describe because I didnt see anything with me eyes, however, I FELT everything very strongly. The energy and the love/acceptance that the being emanated was FAR STRONGER and more VAST than what is humanly possible, therefore I did not feel that the entity was human (as in, a deceased relative). The energy was so huge and positively powerful, that I strongly felt it was a higher dimensional being, eg. an angel, spirit guide or God themself. The strength of the unconditional love/acceptance was WAY beyond human love. I could sense that with every fibre of my being. The experience left me in NO DOUBT that I had just experienced a Divine Entity Encounter.    ",,7th gener,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,never,never,moder,littl,"0 24,999",High,Compute,,marri,marri,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
3000,NDA,1227,5,,F,"I felt I was home, that the other place I was living was cold and harsh, I was shown a point in the future of total devastation and how I needed to be there to take care of the children. I remember seeing my friend who promised to be with me for a short time to see that I was safe.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"100,000+",Junio,Child,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
3001,ADC,1113,50,,F,    ,,citizen,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",colle,I was u,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3002,DEE,1115,39,,M,"To repeat this experience was like being totally filled with love, when I heard god say to me that he has always been here waiting for me it was as if my whole being heard it not my ears but my whole being was enveloped in his presence/love    ",,citizen,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",maste,Bartend,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3003,DEE,1147,35,,F,"After an abortion in 1971, I experienced great remorse. Following a series of God-sent visions, I entered a Bible study program in the Catholic Church that led me to Eucharistic Adoration. During my first Eucharistic adoration, the love of God, emanating from the Eucharist, surged like a wave through my being. I was immediately released from remorse.  A few months later, an acquaintance who works for the Catholic Church asked me to create a self-published prayer book of remembrance for parents who are grieving the death of a child from miscarriage or abortion.  In 2003, Book of the Innocents was the first publication authored by lay people to be published by the Catholic Church\xe2\x80\x99s official publishing company, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. Parents can enter the name of their \xe2\x80\x9clost\xe2\x80\x9d child in the book.    ",,citizen,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,teacher,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3004,NDA,1285,36,,M,"Once I realized that I was disoriented and air supply finally depleted, I surrendered to lose my life. I felt a sudden peace that I cannot explain in words. I did not have a NDE but felt a warming sensation (though water temp was about 40 degrees F)and I was aware of a loving presence that was just beyond a veil Keep in mind that visibility was minus zero so all these sensations were permeating, nothing visual at all...I can only compare them to a force like a magnet pulling on a ferrous object              ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,busines,,divor,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3005,ME ,1424,52,,F,"I believed, but did not know God exists. Now, I am certain. I dreamed of information that I had no knowledge of, and thus, could not have come from my subconscious. Later, when frightful dread permeated my mind and body, a suffering that could crush a soul, as my husband underwent quadruple bypass surgery on October 8, 2012, the information provided Divine Comfort. I am reverently thankful to the Divine Comfort that I held on to during the terrifying hours. While I prayed, the dream where my husband said, Just for 2 &#189; hours, was with me, together with the faith that I will have him back, alive and well, after that. Many thanks, all-good and all-loving God, for embracing my husband, our family, and me, especially through the very difficult 2 &#189; hours.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",colle,Busines,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3006,NDE,1411,18,,F,"I remember very vividly everything, unlike most memories, this one has never faded. I found myself above my mom and the dog going up the stairs, though I didnt realize it until later, I thought Id just been following them. As she got to the phone, she yelled at the dog, because he was acting up, and made the call.  When she gave the wrong address to the dispatcher (who knew me well since I worked there), and then gave the right address, I could hear what the dispatcher was saying (Sherry? the one who works here? (mom: yes, we need you right away, shes not breathing and we dont know whats wrong Dispatcher: well be there right away, Im sending them out now.) My mom hung up the phone without saying goodbye. Shortly after that I was back in my body, my Dad had lifted me by the shoulders and it dislodged my tongue from my throat and allowed air in. When my mom came into the room I asked her why shed given them our address and the wrong address at that, and why shed yelled at the dog, he wasnt doing anything wrong. She looked at me shocked, and said shed not given the wrong address, and I said she did, then she remembered she had. While in the floating state, everything was just so vibrant, alive..even the air felt alive to me, like it was swirling around me, in an almost comforting way. But the colors, the sounds....they were...just incredible, I cant even come up with words that describe it, there are none.  I didnt hear music or anything, but it was more of a .... well, a sound like.......you know what a creek sounds like when the water moves smoothly over rocks, the soft rushing sound? It was similar to that. (yes another thing I have no description of, only the memory of the sound.) It was extremely soothing, peaceful, and the lights even seemed so much brighter, everything did.     ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Fire De,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
3007,DEE,1353,19,,M,The voice belongs to the Holy Spirit of God. The 3 communications from the voice are parts of the one event of answering my question regarding my next move in promoting greater peace in our world.    ,,U.S.    Q,"50,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,medical,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
3008,DEE,1412,55,,M,See #43.    ,,American,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Visual,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3009,DEE,1422,2,,M,See above.    ,,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",some,Infant,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
3010,DEE,1283,5,,F,"I was sitting in the bed and from the ceiling where the tile was missing came floating a figure. I immediately knew he was the man in the book at the doctor;s office (the blue bible story books with pictures). I felt instantly connected, fully accepted and total freedom of self. I loved him. As soon as he appeared he was looking at me in a very deliberate but loving way. He floated down to the foot of my bed. He was wearing a tunic that covered his feet. He had a sleeveless tunic over the top of a darker color. He had brown shoulder length hair. He looked just like the picture in the book where the little children were sitting in his lap and he was calling the other. In my room he also had a staff. He paused at the foot of my bed and looked directly at me. I felt with everything inside like nwords its going to be ok. His face was looking at me with the expression of one talking with very important but empathetic words, but he never really actually spoke words nor did his mouth move.When He moved, he did not really walk but moved at ta pace similar to a slow deliberate walk. He was semi-tranparant not really clear but I could alsmost see through him. I could see his features but not the color and detail as if he was an opaque human. I I was estatic that he was there. I felt totally loved, accepted and strangely connected to this man. Nothing in the whole worlds mattered but him at this moment. I did not stop to ponder his words but was happy. I wanted to dance with him. As he paused, I scrambled to get out of the bed. As I grabbed my slippers he headed for the door. I exclaimed, Wait I want to go with you. But he went through the door at that instant. I ran to the door and opened it, but he was gone.    ",,US Reside,2001 2,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,1st gra,,single,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
3011,ME ,1545,62,,M,"I had just arrived at the hotel and decided to take a little nap, to rest after the driving. I left a lamp on, and lied on the bed, half turned to the right and fell asleep. It was a light and pleasant sleep and I awoke after about half an hour. As I opened my eyes, I saw a kind of steam or smoke rising from me. It was more like enveloping me, because as I was still half-turned to the right I saw it was rising from below the side of the bed. It was rising fast, as fast as steam does from a boiling pan of water, but more smoothly. I observed this and the next instant I became a little anxious, because I remembered that something like a haze rises sometimes from people who are dying. So I immediately breathed in and checked my body mentally, but I was fine. But by then I could not see the steam any more. I have to say that as I woke up I was very clear and knew exactly where I was, and when.    ",,Greek cit,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,moder,"25,000 49",maste,Biology,,single,single,No,moderately str,All pleasant,senior
3012,DEE,1357,40,,M,"I was lying on my back with my hands folded across my chest praying to God. This was a regular practice for me prior to going to sleep. I was extremely upset and angry with my wife-cannot recall why. My eyes were closed and in my minds eye I saw the face of a bearded man appear and a white light flash over my body. It happened extremely quickly. The most absolutely miraculous thing happen to my body, my conscious self when the light washed over me-immediately I felt peace beyond peace words cannot describe how calm, peaceful, serene I felt. There was not an atom in my body or molecule that was not calm and serene. Again, words can not in any way describe how I felt. I rolled over and told my wife the most remarkable thing is just happened to me I explained how angry and upset I was I described to her the experience of what had just happened.    ",,American,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Financi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3013,ADC,1313,41,,F,"My experience was a feeling that was both emotional and physical in nature. I cant say that I saw or heard anything, but I felt an overwhelming sense of peace and well being, which was odd considering that my dad had suddenly just died. I learned that my dad was completely and totally okay even though he was dead.    ",,USA    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,Writer/,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3014,DEE,1058,46,,M,Read my book.    ,,US citize,1 2000,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Aerospa,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3015,DEE,1511,34,,M,Please see enclosed attachment for full story    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Did not,I worke,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3016,OBE,1007,5,,F,I just remember how pleasant it was. It was something I enjoyed doing.     ,,U.S.    Q,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,seld,never,avera,none,"100,000+",docto,I was 5,,single,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,youth
3017,DEE,1357,40,,M,"I was lying on my back with my hands folded across my chest praying to God. This was a regular practice for me prior to going to sleep. I was extremely upset and angry with my wife-cannot recall why. My eyes were closed and in my minds eye I saw the face of a bearded man appear and a white light flash over my body. It happened extremely quickly. The most absolutely miraculous thing happen to my body, my conscious self when the light washed over me-immediately I felt peace beyond peace words cannot describe how calm, peaceful, serene I felt. There was not an atom in my body or molecule that was not calm and serene. Again, words can not in any way describe how I felt. I rolled over and told my wife the most remarkable thing is just happened to me I explained how angry and upset I was I described to her the experience of what had just happened.    ",,American,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,Financi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3018,ME ,1355,64,,F,"there was an orange and red and very bright light surrounding me and sort of inside me. I felt extremely powerful intense love and acceptance, so intense it hurt. I started to cry and couldnt stop.    ",,us    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,retired,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
3019,ME ,1303,54,,F,"Through hypnosis is how I have been able to get back in touch with the other side or other dimension. I have had amazing experiences. From Past Lives that I can verify to meeting with my Spirit Guide and the Masters. I have been able to have access to my soul on the other side or in the Astral. It is like an orb. When I touch it I feel complete and whole. What is neat is that I can feel and see the souls of all my family and friends there also even though they are still alive here. I have also talked to deceased family members. The place is so beautiful. Flowers, gardens, fountains, temples, streams. Beings of light in different colors. It is beyond anything that words can begin to describe.    ",,US Citize,2001 2,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,Registe,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3020,OBE,1444,25,,F,I dont recall any of it...is was though i was in a trance...my spirit was being shared...what i do know for sure is that i have been chosen and have many life experiences to support that...i know the world we struggle to accept.    ,,US    Q.,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",maste,Pre-Med,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
3021,ADC,1203,40,,F,"He looked at me and said Hey, Lis. I jut stood there, did not step any closer toward the car. He was the only one who called me Lis. I said hi back to him. he said he wanted to thank me for all the prayers and that he was ok now. he said did I know he would have been 50? I said I didnt realize that but I was 40 now and I know he was 10 years older. I felt surprised to see him. he looked so good, happy and healthy. he hadnt looked like that when he died.    ",,I am an A,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,Nursw,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
3022,DEE,1222,47,,F,"A ball of light appeared in the left corner of the room. It seemed to rotate or be in constant motion. There were voices, but they were all saying the same thing at the same time. It hovered there for a while, and then moved just below the ceiling fan, which was over my bed, at my feet. I had always thought that if I ever had an encounter I would be calm and ask questions. That didnt happen. I was terrified because I knew it was God, and I remembered I was horribly drunk. The ball of light said something to me. As much as I want to, I dont remember what, but it was something very short and simple. What I got from it was that God had a lot for me to do, and I couldnt do it as long as I was drinking. Something else I felt was love overwhelming, soothing love. Love that loved me even though I was drunk.     ",,American,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Educato,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3023,OBE,1340,20,,F,"I think I pretty much covered it above. There was no other person involved other than the driver of the other car who I did not see. As it was happening, I felt calm. Afterwards, I was shaken. I only saw myself a profile of my face calmly driving the car no hint of the desperate situation I was in.  In hindsight, I feel that there was devine intervention that my guardian angel protected me and got me out of that dangerous situation.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,College,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
3024,DEE,1370,28,,F,"I left the interview in a state of prayer. I wanted so badly to work in this hospital Whenever I do enter hospitals I am always aware of other Helper Beings are present. I was standing in the middle of the hallway, started to walk away, turned around and saw Jesus. I knew he wanted me to see him, to let me know he was there, had always been there even though times had been hard. he poured out an amazing indescribably love energy, but I also saw sadness in his face and some sorrow for those who suffer. He was carrying my pain.    ",,Canadian,"251,00",atheist,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,seldom,very strong,moder,"50,000 99",some,high sc,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3025,ME ,1355,64,,F,"there was an orange and red and very bright light surrounding me and sort of inside me. I felt extremely powerful intense love and acceptance, so intense it hurt. I started to cry and couldnt stop.    ",,us    Q.,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",colle,retired,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
3026,ME ,1312,17,,M,"I found the mix of the music and the painting realy amazing. Suddenly, I had a flash : all the universe unfold before my eyes, and it seemed as if i understood clearly and deeply all the meaning of life and the purpose of everything. I saw galaxies floating in the whole universe, travelled through lights of incedible intelligence, received answers to a lot of unasked questions, as if i entered a huge multidimensional universe. This epiphany last less than 5 minutes, but i stood hang up for a few month after then. It is still very clear in my mind, and was the start of a quest that is still going on.    ",,?    Q.,"25,000",religious,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,dail,seldom,very strong,littl,"25,000 49",some,Student,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
3027,ADC,1053,38,,F,"I observed a small native man in his 40s, short hair in a dark blue sleeping bag in my kitchen. I heard my uncle Buds voice and began to fly upwards to the ceiling I felt that if I wanted to, I could go with him, but I didnt know where we were going.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,worked,,single,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3028,ADC,1050,42,,F,"The second dream she came to me in white clothing walking down a long stairway with another lady and she looked peaceful. She also came to my husband, he asked her to stay, she said she couldnt, that she was with Jesus and that she was happy.    ",,USA    Q.,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,I was a,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3029,NDE,1215,20,,F,"Instantly the pain stopped and I found myself in the most beautiful place, no shape, no form, every thing was rose colored and the music that I heard was indescribably beautiful. I felt no pain only the deepest of peace, no other forms or persons, just the color pink totally surrounding me and holding me. But I coudnt stay there and the next thing I knew I was back in the delivery room and the first thing I heard was my sons healthy cry.  I learned that God had a special purpose for my life or He never would have brought me back into this painfilled world. But I now had 2 little children who needed me to be their mother and I have been that for the past 52 years amongst a whole lot of other roles.    ",,Citizen,1 2000,spiritual,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Housewi,,marri,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
3030,OBE,1142,27,,F,"I suddenly found myself out of my body looking at myself on the couch sleeping, I walked around the apartment and kept referring back to myself on the couch just to check for security for some reason it was comforting to know I was there even if I wasnt completely inside of myself any longer. I went into the bathroom in this spirit form and saw a great statue perched on the closed toilet seat that looked like a statue but I didnt realize it was the angel of death but either way I didnt feel any fear from it. I saw some mini creatures that were about 2-3 feet in size going into the drain of the bathtub happily and willingly and as the approached the drain they would spin as if being flushed and I could see this great release on their faces and wanted to experience that same release too. So I decided to follow them and the moment I willingly resigned my soul for it to be permitted to be flushed down the bathtub drain I felt for the first time complete separation of myself from something that had always been with me but because I had never been without it I didnt know I had always had it...that was this connection to God. It was only in that vortex that I immediately knew I had made a mistake by stepping into that bathtub drain and called out to God and asked him to take me back to my body on the couch over and over but the tunnel vortex thing I was in spinning inside of and going deeper felt so isolated and I felt so alone and felt that my pleading and cries couldnt even be heard from God. Then the angel I had seen perched on top of the toilet next to the bathtub swooped down and caught me as I was decending in the vortex and I began to justify myself to God asking why would you permit the angel of death to personally escort me to Hell I am not a bad person? I didnt know God had heard my cries finally I saw myself ascending through the floor boards of my apartment and the angel just rolled my spirit like a basketball down the angels arms and back into my body exactly as I was when I left it on the couch. The moment I was rolled out of the angels arms and placed back in my body I instantly opened my eyes and inhaled my life back into me and I knew that I had died for a short while but I didnt know exactly how it had happened. I stayed in that posistion awake asking God if I had had a heart attack or something...this experience changed my outlook on life.    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",agnostic,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,never,undec,avera,"25,000 49",docto,graduat,,single,single,Yes,undecided    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3031,ADC,1091,44,,F,"I saw my son, see above.     ",,American,"50,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",Some,Insuran,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3032,DEE,1111,32,,F,"Sometime during the night, I began to dream. (Highly unusual because I NEVER remember dreams although I am sure that I do dream). I was present in this dream. I knew immediately that something unusual was happening. I was wearing a long white robe and I had sandals on my feet. It was very warm. I remember thinking wow why is it so warm in a dream this is way too real. Just then I bit down and felt a grain of sand between teeth. I stopped and said to myself wait, this is important because it is real. I walked between 2 buildings made of what looked like adobe to me and I kept walking until I entered a courtyard that was of good size. There were clusters of men standing around talking with one another and they were dressed somewhat like me except they had more colorful gear on. I remember thinking that I was in Bibical days by the way they looked. In the center of the yard were a group of boys playing some kind of ball. They were chasing a ball (that was really a bunch of rags tied together). They were kicking the ball back and forth and seemed intent on playing a game. As I looked around, over to my right was a young boy about 8 to 10 years old. He had that look of dejection about him. He was leaning against the wall with his left shoulder. He was looking down and was moving the sand around with his foot. My mother instinct kicked in and I felt compassion for the boy because I knew he had not been chosen to play. I moved over behind him and that is when I reached out and touched his shoulder. He turned and looked straight into my eyes. The air literally left me and I dropped to my knees. You see, it didnt matter that he was a boy I knew him. I knew him and I began to cry. It was the Savior. Without his lips moving, transferring language to me directly to my head (but more putting it into English falls so short; it was like a thought that came to me and then blew up inside my head) but I HEARD his voice and I knew it. How do I know it? I dont know but in that moment I remember saying Oh, I know that voice! I knew that I missed him so much. I knew that I had been bought and paid for (atonement)if I chose to allow it (free agency and all). I loved him. I sensed the largness of the universe and how there was no end . . . but wait . . . he spoke Cindy, I never fit in. From that statement I understood that he didnt have to show me the cross . . . he really means he was a weird human among humans. That is all that I heard . . . everything else is as real . . . it just was that odd hearing/listening thing. Here is the significant exchange to me . . . I felt the love. It is more than love, but on Earth that is what we say. I knew it was for EVERY single human who was going to live and who had ever lived. If was like I could have reached out and picked it up . . . it had substance. And, it hurt. The love was so much that it hurt and I was humbled by what I felt. It was over. I sat straight up in my bed and looked at the clock. It was 2 a.m. For the next few weeks, the feeling didnt leave me. Sometimes I would just look at a group of students on the BSU campus and want to burst into tears because I knew how much he loved them. Then, like all things, the memory started to fade. A few months later, I got down on my knees and begged for the gift of always remembering that feeling and the event. I dont think about it every day. I am 61 now. But, I can recall it all. By the way . . . I have never wasted one more breath complaining to him about feeling out of place.    ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,secreta,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3033,ADC,1428,47,,F,"My father came to me in a dream that night. I dont remember if I saw him but I remember him telling me, Get a sledge hammer and give the drum a good knock and it will pop off there. My father was a mechanic and an electrician and I was his family helper with mechanics. He was also a man of few words, so our conversation didnt go beyond that from my recollection.    ",,USA Citiz,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Buddhist,,,seld,week,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",maste,Masters,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3034,NDE,1140,25,,F,"Consumed with utter terror, my headlight showed the tops of large trees coming at me, way down below. I knew I was going to die. Right before I hit the forest canopy below, my consciousness totally shifted. Suddenly I felt total euphoria as I watched thousands of peoples faces fly through my consciousness...people I had encountered in my life. Then I was made aware that a male figure was showing me these things...showing me how beautiful my life had been. Communicating in a perfect, telepathic way, he showed me things about the world, such as a map of lights that looked like the U.S. at night from a plane. I understood that each light represented one person and the color denoted their state of happiness or unhappiness. He then tilted this map up so I could see it from the side, revealing that it was actually TWO maps that appeared as one when seen from above...one layer of spiritual beings on top interacting with the people down on Earth! I was consumed with the beauty of this. He then told me I had to go back, that I needed to stop being so shy and start opening myself up to people. I couldnt go back until I completed this. I did not want to return to Earth...I felt totally loved and welcomed back (it all was familiar...I even knew this figure!). The figure was male, pale, bald, and wore some kind of dark cloak. I knew him and loved him...it was so good to see him again and he me!! There were other figures doing things in the background. I learned that interactions with others are of tantamount importance in life here on Earth...even brief ones like the cashier at a store. I also was shown the extreme beauty of my life!!! We are of love, we must be open to offering love to each other. Oh-and there is no coincidence. Everything unfolds as its meant to.    ",,U.S. citi,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Christian,Unity,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",some,Art Stu,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3035,DEE,1251,40,,F,"My experience happened approximately 2 weeks after Sept 11, 2001. I had been meditating in bed and felt myself drift off. My now ex-husband was sleeping next to me. Suddenly there was a bright light surrounding me. I could not see anything but gold light. The brightness of the light began to dim so I could open my eyes. When I did, there was a beautiful Michael Angelo angel with me. It was very large, probably a good 7 feet with huge wings and a face that was so serene. It was the most beautiful face Ive seen. And filled with such kindness. I felt like I was in a huge warm wave because the vibration surrounding me was like being rocked by a gentle tide while lying in a boat. It was beyond comforting. The angle knew that I was very upset about the direction of humanity after 911 and told me, not with spoken words, but with telepathic words, that everything would be ok and that I needed to keep reminding people what brought us to that point. I needed to speak of bring love and not focus on hate or enemies. The angel told me it knew I felt very alone but to remember that I was not and that I should keep putting out the message of love. It touched my face and then it slowly vanished. I was sitting up in my bed and tears were streaming down my face and I cant even describe how I felt because there are no words...but I was the most comforted I had ever been in my life and felt like I belonged to God and the universe.    ",,Legal Cit,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,seldom,very strong,very st,"100,000+",some,RN/mass,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3036,DEE,1175,42,,F,"I did above. I know these were real. Once when I was a unwed mom at 18 back in the 70s, Life was so hard. I was lost and alone, trying to raise my son alone, I was so tired, I worked very hard and hardly slept, but I knew I was awake and I remember asking God aloud while driving in my car, why am I here What do you want from me  Why cant you help me take care of this little one and what is this life all about. I got an answer. It explained everything, and I remember me suddenly understanding everything. He told me and I had it, and just as quick as I had it, I forgot it. I can remember that I had received the answers that were amazing, I had the answers it all made incredible sense, then poof gone in an instant. I wanted for years to go to some one who could help me remember what I had lost, hypnosis or something, but never did. It was real. I have had three experiences in my life that are real, that most would think I was crazy over.     ",,US citize,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,never,never,undec,none,"25,000 49",Some,Veterin,,single,single,No,undecided    Q,All pleasant,adult
3037,OBE,1286,17,,M,"Regained awareness as two classmates were supporting me on their shoulders across the road that separated the school from the hospital. I was floating about 10 metres above my body, looking down at my friends and my body My pride hurt at being carried, I insisted I could walk perfectly well on my own and crossed the road on my own, before losing consciousness again I could see the roof tiles of the hospital from the angle that you would expect when at the same height as the roof, and the tops of my friends heads. The experience was ecstatic and there was a feeling of there being nothing to worry about and that I was loved unconditionally    ",,British,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",some,Student,,single,marri,Yes,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
3038,ME ,1564,17,,F,"At the moment I stopped, there was a terrific CRACK! and lightning struck the house. The phone next to the doorway rang, and a flash of light leapt across the doorway and struck the metal latch plate. I was only inches from this flash of light and would have been in its path if I hadnt stopped the instant I did. But I had no idea why I stopped. There was no conscious decision on my part. I just stopped! Then Ka-pow! I stood there astonished for a few moments, and there came Dad down the hall in his bathrobe, asking if everything was okay. I said I was alright but I thought the phone had been fried. He picked up the receiver and said it was dead. I never knew if I would have been seriously harmed by that blast of electrons, but I felt some entity had protected me. That experience made me question how autonomous I really am and how much may be going on behind the scenes that Im not aware of. At the time, it didnt occur to me that at the soul level I may be on different wavelengths of time/perception/etc.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",maste,I was s,,single,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
3039,ADC,1374,45,,F,"The guide got us to a certain level of depth during the meditation and asked who we saw there. Mt brother, who had been a quadriplegic from the age of 16 and in a vwheelchair, came up to me with open arms. He looked very different from how I knew him. He had dark curly hair and was wearing a crisp white linen shirt and slacks. He had a confident bearing and long stride. He took me into hisvarms and said you are forgiven and you are loved.    ",,Canadian,2001 2,atheist,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,never,never,avera,none,"50,000 99",colle,Respira,,separ,divor,Yes,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
3040,OBE,1499,4,,F,"My experience is difficult to define, the feeling of being in a heavenly place cannot be defined. I knew it was euphoric, a continuous euphoria. I know one day I will return there. I look forward to it with longing. I do not fear death. I also know that I have a purpose. I do not remember what that purpose is. It baffles me. I believe I have lived before. I have no recollection of past lives, but I definitely believe God sent me back, I believe I was angry about that for I know how challenging life on earth is. I do believe everyones life has a purpose, it is not random. I have had a very difficult, and challenging life. I have struggled more than most, so I find it difficult to understand what my purpose is.    ",,Im a US c,1 2000,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,none,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
3041,ADC,1172,54,,F,"While drifting off to sleep, a man appeared at the foot of my bed, dressed in an old uniform, which I later discovered was an army uniform, and he was smiling and looked happy. He obviously wanted me to see him, as he just stood there, and I said, What are you doing here? And I was totally calm, not scared at all, and then he faded away. My husband in the next room heard what I had said and shouted back, What? And I answered, oh, nothing and I knew that something significant had happened, but didnt know for sure what. The next day, I asked my mother and sister if my Uncle Dan had ever served in the army, and the answer was yes. I really believe that Dan appeared to me because I am receptive to these kinds of experiences, and because he wanted my mother to know that he was o.k., in his young body, and no longer afflicted by the physical problems he had before he died. I thought then that the real purpose of his visit was so that my mother could tell his wife, who still survived, that he was o.k. My mother never did tell her, as she was not a believer of these kinds of things. My mother passed away recently, and Dans daughter, my cousin, sent me a card that stated that her dad adored my mother, his little sister. I now know that purpose of his visit was not so that his wife would know that he was o.k., but so that his sister, whom he adored, would know that he was o.k.    ",,American,"100,00",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,Counsel,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3042,ME ,1397,25,,M,The pdf I will attach does this.    ,,Native bo,1 mill,spiritual,religious,Other,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",some,I was a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
3043,ME ,1548,30,,F,See answer above.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,agnostic,agnostic,Unity,Other,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,littl,"50,000 99",docto,Wife an,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3044,OBE,1346,4,,M,"This seemed very natural, again no big deal  I thought that floating was more fun than just walking, so I concluded that I would run or float everywhere. You know, normal, Thats when the guide reminded me of my body, The guide was like a voice but from behind me and just a few feet above me.    ",,usa    Q.,"100,00",religious,spiritual,Other,Christian,,,dail,never,very strong,avera,"100,000+",colle,none,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,youth
3045,ME ,1220,8,,F,"I stared into my own eyes in the mirror, asking, Who am I, really? After a few minutes of staring, a voice answered, I am the one who looks out from behind your eyes.    ",,US citize,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Unaffilia,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Some,n/a,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
3046,NDE,1411,18,,F,"I remember very vividly everything, unlike most memories, this one has never faded. I found myself above my mom and the dog going up the stairs, though I didnt realize it until later, I thought Id just been following them. As she got to the phone, she yelled at the dog, because he was acting up, and made the call.  When she gave the wrong address to the dispatcher (who knew me well since I worked there), and then gave the right address, I could hear what the dispatcher was saying (Sherry? the one who works here? (mom: yes, we need you right away, shes not breathing and we dont know whats wrong Dispatcher: well be there right away, Im sending them out now.) My mom hung up the phone without saying goodbye. Shortly after that I was back in my body, my Dad had lifted me by the shoulders and it dislodged my tongue from my throat and allowed air in. When my mom came into the room I asked her why shed given them our address and the wrong address at that, and why shed yelled at the dog, he wasnt doing anything wrong. She looked at me shocked, and said shed not given the wrong address, and I said she did, then she remembered she had. While in the floating state, everything was just so vibrant, alive..even the air felt alive to me, like it was swirling around me, in an almost comforting way. But the colors, the sounds....they were...just incredible, I cant even come up with words that describe it, there are none.  I didnt hear music or anything, but it was more of a .... well, a sound like.......you know what a creek sounds like when the water moves smoothly over rocks, the soft rushing sound? It was similar to that. (yes another thing I have no description of, only the memory of the sound.) It was extremely soothing, peaceful, and the lights even seemed so much brighter, everything did.     ",,American,"25,000",religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",Junio,Fire De,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,youth
3047,ADC,1146,41,,F,"An orb of very bright light very abruptly came down from the sky and settled on the empty front passenger seat of my minivan. It was so bright I could not look directly at it. I heard my fathers voice say, I will take care of your mother. Then it was instantly gone. I was so upset I cried the rest of the way to the school, about 5 minutes. Two days later my mothers only remaining brother passed away very unexpectedly.    ",,United St,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",maste,chemica,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3048,NDE,1093,29,,F,"The next thing I became aware of after being in the hallway was seeing my body below me. I was lying on a table, my lower half covered in blue draping. There was a doctor handing someting to a person at my right shoulder who took it and quickly and turned her back to me. I saw her arms moving very quickly, but couldn\xe2\x80\x99t see what she was doing. There was blood all over my abdomen. Another doctor was threading something into my chest, he was at my left side. Someone else came into the room to my right.  I was \xe2\x80\x9cfloating\xe2\x80\x9d past the ceiling. I was aware of this detail and found it interesting. I was \xe2\x80\x9cKrista\xe2\x80\x9d but not attached to the body below or the events going on in the room. I was simply an observer. I wanted to keep watching but was pulled to my left by a very strong force. I resisted only for an instant, then knew I must go. It was almost as if I was \xe2\x80\x9csucked\xe2\x80\x9d into this tunnel-like space. There were no defining \xe2\x80\x9cwalls\xe2\x80\x9d, only a static-like grey/white/black type of atmosphere throughout. I was a part of this static. I was moving at lightening speed. There was no time, and I remained Krista throughout the entire event. In the tunnel I next felt the bliss of all-penetrating, all encompassing love. No words can describe this feeling. I was \xe2\x80\x9chome\xe2\x80\x9d. All the questions I\xe2\x80\x99d ever had in my life were answered in an instant. The confirmation I was given was that we are here to love one another. Period. We are here to love. The next thing that happened was I was emerging from the static to a light grey illumination that was sort of milky cloudy in substance. There were beings lined up to my left, waiting for me to arrive. I did not know any of these beings. There was a young boy, around 12, who wore a round brimmed hat, like a child would have in the 1800\xe2\x80\x99s. For an instant I wanted to be there, then I didn\xe2\x80\x99t. I was back in the tunnel very briefly when it opened up to this vast, indescribably beautiful landscape. Breathtaking. I was immensely joyful and so very loved by it and everything. There were bright yellow flowers spread out across the ground in front of me. A forest lay to the right. A rock waterfall surrounded in lush greenery to the left. Past the flowers were undulating green grass hills dotted with trees and a bright blue sky above. It was Eden. It was home. In an instant I was given the choice to leave and I did. I knew I needed to be back here and be a mother. My next memory was of being in the ICU.     ",,US citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Unaffilia,,,weekly,never,very strong,moder,"100,000+",colle,Physici,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3049,DEE,1222,47,,F,"A ball of light appeared in the left corner of the room. It seemed to rotate or be in constant motion. There were voices, but they were all saying the same thing at the same time. It hovered there for a while, and then moved just below the ceiling fan, which was over my bed, at my feet. I had always thought that if I ever had an encounter I would be calm and ask questions. That didnt happen. I was terrified because I knew it was God, and I remembered I was horribly drunk. The ball of light said something to me. As much as I want to, I dont remember what, but it was something very short and simple. What I got from it was that God had a lot for me to do, and I couldnt do it as long as I was drinking. Something else I felt was love overwhelming, soothing love. Love that loved me even though I was drunk.     ",,American,2001 2,religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Educato,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3050,ADC,1274,52,,F,My observation was the ethereal vision of my mother and my fathers arms hugging me around my shoulders. Both my brother &amp; I had no question whos hug it was as he did it often with his kids. There was no sound that specifically went with anything seen or felt...just the sounds of the hospital. I learned that my father came for my mother and took her Home with him...what a great feeling to know/feel.    ,,American,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",some,Corpora,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3051,ADC,1455,34,,F,"With regards to the above....when I got home, my husband was not there, but a note on the counter he had left me said Chryalsis, I am ashamed to say I didnt know how to pronounce it so I went about my usual chores. When my husband got home I asked him what it was, when he pronounced it everything came together, I was standing there with my mouth open. He went on to say it is a battered womans shelter who needs womens business clothes to help the women there get out and get a jog so they can be on their own and be successful. My best friend Amanda was adopted...she tried for years to find her birth mother....when she finally found her...it was two weeks after her birth mother had died from a beating from a husband. Amanda never got to meet her. I had no doubt this was a communication to me as to where she wanted her clothes to go. I have had several more communication even up to present day.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,I owned,,marri,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3052,ADC,1333,59,,F,"I was grieving for the recent passing of my brother. His death caused by prostate cancer had seemed untimely. He also did not want to go and put up quite a fight. At his funeral, I was inconsolable mainly because I felt he had been taken before his time. He also seemed ill prepared for his own departure. I felt guilty also wondering if there was something I could have or should have done to help prolong his life here on earth.  At first I observed what seemed to be a thin mist in the doorway. I also felt his presence very heavily. I was afraid, because I knew what I was experiencing was outside the norm. Every time I started dozing off to sleep I felt pulled towards him on a spiritual level. I must hve fallen asleep or in that space between sleepand conciousness I had an encounter with him. I was able to ask any questions that I wanted to and did. I asked him if he was ok. He explained that he was happy. Knowing how reluctant he was to leave I asked: who helped you. He answered Aubrey not someone I knew or had heard of. He had come to me to let me know not to grieve for him as he had gone on to a better place and he was doing fine.        ",,Citizen,1 mill,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,moder,"0 24,999",Junio,Sales,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3053,ADC,1519,70,,F,"After a period of time had passed and my husband continued to breath, I raised my head to look at my family sitting at the bed side. They were quiet and remorseful. But they were not alone. I blinked heavily, trying to clear my eyes but my vision was fine. What I saw was my husband, standing with our family. He wasn\xe2\x80\x99t in a hospital gown with tubes and monitors; he was himself, steady and strong, in street clothing of slacks and a flannel shirt. My family members were solid in the space that their bodies consumed, while my husband was more fluid and seemed to fill the rest of the space. He moved behind one family member to the next. He was composed and serious; the look on his face was one of acceptance that he must leave. Time stood still. And then he disappeared.    ",,Both born,1 mill,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",some,Human R,,marri,widow,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,senior
3054,DEE,1300,23,,M,"My fathers office was divided into two spaces--a 2nd floor front office where he worked (with large windows overlooking the street below and surrounded by several multi-story apartment buildings), and the back office--a large bright kitchen/lounge area (illuminated by skylights)--connected to the front via a private 20 foot corridor. As soon as I arrived and handed my father the story, I felt that same strange feeling in my heart like I had felt a year earlier--the feeling that compelled me to pray. Not wishing a repeat of what happened a year earlier (see my other DEE entry)--I excused myself, telling my father I would wait in the back lounge while he read. My father wasnt spiritual or religious, and I was embarrassed that I suddenly felt a strange urge to pray. I entered the back lounge, and shut the door. I then got down on my knees and bowed y head to the floor for the first time in my life. And I suddenly started to weep. Like, uncontrollably sob. And words came out of my mouth that werent words from conscious intention. I was baffled to hear myself speaking the words. Why are we so bad? Why are we so bad? You have to understand,I didnt have a bad bone in my body. I was kind, and sensitive, and yet, these words were flowing from my mouth. And I felt such deep deep shame. Moments later, however, I felt a hand press down on the small of my back. I tried to left my head up to see who was there, but like my hands suck together in the previous DEE, this time my whole body was stuck to the floor. Quite literally, I was pinned there and couldnt move. Before I had a chance to be afraid, however, I suddenly felt two firm hands grasp my head, lift it off the floor, and turn it to the right. And there, beside me, was a fully manifested Celestial Being, kneeling on the floor beside me and looking compassionately into my eyes. As I previously wrote, my family wasnt religious, and I had no knowledge of religion at all. However, I immediately knew this Celestial Being was Jesus like I had known him my whole life. He was bearded, and wearing simple robes. (I no longer remember the color of the robes or the color of his eyes--I was too astonished that he was there in the room with me.) His eyes were mesmerizing--I was literally transfixed by his gaze. Where I had been sobbing moments earlier, and feeling deep shame, I suddenly felt the most incredible all-encompassing feeling of unconditional love. I wasnt scared. I was in bliss. And there wasnt anything I needed to ask. I felt as if I knew everything, as if I was everything, as if I was the Love itself. And a message was transmitted to me with this Love. You are loved. You are forgiven. You are respected. You are accepted. You are special and you are important. You are cared for, and everything is perfect. All of this transpired in a matter of seconds, and then Jesus bowed his head to the floor and prayed. And the hands that had moved my head to see Jesus, turned my head back to the floor, and continued to hold me there. The next thing I remember, my father opened the door and asked me if I was okay. No, I said. Im pinned to the floor. Please call Mom. While my father went back to the front office (there was no phone in the lounge), my experience suddenly changed dramatically. I was suddenly hearing sounds that were loud and clear and very real, but very distressing. The sounds were of emergency sirens, gunfire, and women shrieking in terror. At the same time, in my minds eye, I could see the major urban intersection near my fathers office with windows all blown out, burned out shells of cars in the street, and snipers scurrying in the shadows. I thought I was being shown a vision of the end of the world, but when I asked if that is what this was, there were no answers. Moments later, my father returned, and I found that I was able to get up off the floor. My mother was on the phone and wanted to speak with me, so I headed to the front office. However, as soon as I walked into the office and saw the large picture windows, I was immediately stricken with the most intense paranoia. I collapsed to the floor, certain that I was going to get shot by a sniper (probably connected to the frightening vision I had moments earlier). Long story not as long, this paranoia lasted another half hour or so during which time my father managed to get me into his car and drive me to his house (my old family house where the previously reported DEE took place). Once I got home, and was under the care of my mother, the paranoia dissipated. However, it transformed into a mania that lasted for another 40 hours or so, during which time I believed I knew everything about everything, wrote many things about God and life, and couldnt sleep. Finally, after about 40 hours, I crashed and slept for 16 hours. When I woke up, I was back to my normal self agai",,Canadian,1 mill,agnostic,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,dail,never,very strong,none,"50,000 99",some,Freelan,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3055,ADC,1013,32,,F,"From this experience, I learned that death is not something to fear, that we might even be released from our earthly difficulties to enter into a place of bliss. I learned that I was deeply loved by my grandmother even if on the earthly realm she was unable to express this.    ",,US citize,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unaffilia,Unaffilia,,,seld,never,very strong,avera,"25,000 49",colle,Massage,,single,single,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3056,OBE,1054,27,,F,"my consciousness popped out of my body and up over the SUV. I was floating about three feet above the roof. I could see the burgundy color, along with the four metal strips that were supposed to pass for a luggage rack. I took a greater interest in the lush trees and foliage to my right as the SUV continued along the bridge and the land dropped away. With just the slightest desire to have a closer look, I plunged over the side of the bridge and followed the tree line all the way down to the river, a considerable drop of 876 feet. I could see every leaf, every detail. As I skimmed over the water, I could see every rock beneath its surface. Then I headed back up the other side, keeping pace with the SUV my body still resided in. I came along side the vehicle, but I was still curious about the landscape, so I willed myself to separate from the SUV and go off on my own. I had no fear of doing this. I did not feel any excitement or anxiety. I only felt peace, joy and fascination. As I continued to float along the tops of the trees, however, they began to change. They no longer looked like earthly trees. The greens became iridescent, billowing, undulating. Then other colors were added to the greens \xe2\x80\x93 otherworldly colors that glowed as if lit from behind by the sun.  Then the SUV\xe2\x80\x99s driver spoke, and like a shot, I was back in my body. I instantly sat up in my chair and swatted his arm. \xe2\x80\x9cWhy did you have to talk??!\xe2\x80\x9d I asked with just a touch of irritation. He and his wife looked at me as if I had lost my mind until I explained what had happened. They are open-minded spiritual people, and they believed me.    ",,citizen o,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",some,Graphic,,single,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3057,ADC,1402,29,,F,"At the time, I described it as the most real and vivid dream I have ever had. In the dream, my deceased grandfather was communicating with me. He had passed away approximately ten years earlier and I had always said that I couldnt believe how much I missed him, even so many years after his death. This was my first loss and I took his death very hard because he had always been my father figure- my birth father had never been around (and died when I was 5), AND my relationship with my adoptive father was not close at all. Some specific details of the dream were not clear such as where we were or in what capacity my grandfather came to me, but I do remember that in the dream, I was very aware that it was impossible (in my understanding) for him to be there, communicating with me. My response in the dream was basically, How can this be, you are dead? I dont believe he said much to me, but I was so excited to have this time with him and I remember wanting to introduce him to my life since his death. I had no kids when he died and I wasnt married although I was dating my now husband. So, in the dream, I was feverishly trying to catch him up on all the events of my life...getting married, having two beautiful kids, going to university to become a teacher. I wanted him to be proud of me and I wanted so desperately to keep him around and involved in my life.  When I woke up, I truly felt that I had really lived this dream...a feeling I had never had with a dream and I remember wanting to cry because it was so real and vivid and now that I was awake, I couldnt get it back.  This has never happened again, and I always wondered if it was more than a dream.    ",,Canadian,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,avera,moder,"50,000 99",some,Stay at,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,All pleasant,adult
3058,ME ,1314,33,,M,"I awake to nothing. No body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space: no near, no far, no light or dark. No heat, no cold. No emotion: no joy, no fear. Just calm awareness in a gray void.  A moment / eternity passes. Light! A brilliant sun! And with it, darkness: the fullness of empty space. A small human figure stands in silhouette. My consciousness shifts. I become the figure; a human body standing in space before a radiant globe. I feel! I am bathed in intense light and heat; light and heat so intense that if I were in a physical form I would be vaporized. I am engulfed by boundless, infinite energy; overwhelming energy. Another shift in perception: energy becomes love. Energy and love are the same. Energy is love. I am embraced and cradled: infolded by a boundless field of energy/love, love which is personal yet vast beyond comprehension. I am seen; seen through. The barriers and masks that we construct to present an idealized persona to the world are blown away. Though the experience is veiled to me I perceive that my life in its naked reality is being lived and fully comprehended by a conscious presence. There is no judgment. My being with all its shortcomings, failures, and rough edges is unconditionally accepted, loved, and cherished.  I become aware that what had first appeared like a sun is un-like anything from ordinary reality. I am in the presence of a radiant, fluid luminosity. An amalgam of water and light is the best approximation I can think of. The sense of being before a conscious presence intensifies.  My mind buzzes with the desire to hold It, to explain and contain It with my thought. The more I grasp, however, the more It slips away. It cannot be grasped or named. I give up, let go, and allow myself to simply rest with It. With this shift from desire/grasping to acceptance I am permeated by light. In a blaze, the dark husk of my body flakes away. I become light. I am one with the light. I am the light, a fluid, radiant luminosity. I have no body. No senses: no sight, no hearing, no touch, no taste, no smell, no thought. No perception of time or space. I am calm awareness in a radiantly luminous field of joyfully dancing light.  A moment / eternity passes. I find myself with a luminous body. A thought is expressed without words: approach your live with joy and gratitude; compassion and acceptance. A cosmic chuckle: clear-eyed and hard-nosed. I am laughed at/with. \xe2\x80\x9cDon\xe2\x80\x99t take your self so seriously\xe2\x80\x9d rings in my mind. As I turn from the light a frigorific presence rushes from behind and past my left ear. It is a transparent nothingness consuming all energy in its path. It radiates a cold animus and an implacable will to be separate; to differentiate. As it rushes past an iron darkness warps around me. It fuses to me and I become dark and solid. I awake to an ordinary day.     ",,American,2001 2,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",some,Archite,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3059,ME ,1204,25,,M," I was so overcome by all of this and feeling so ecstatic that I thought I couldn`t take any more of it or I would burst. with an effort of will I brought myself back to earth ,so to speak. All this happened 40 years ago but it is unforgetable. I have tried many times to induce this experience since then but to no avail.    ",, U.K.,1 2000,agnostic,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,seldom,very strong,avera,"0 24,999",Junio, electr,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3060,DEE,1214,69,,M,I did that in question #43. I learned that when this is finished refers to something that I do not know nor do I know what the the when means.  I know that I continue in the physical suffering.    ,,"Citizen,",1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Ordaine,,divor,divor,Yes,very strong    Q,Neither pleasant nor distressi,senior
3061,ME ,1432,40,,M,Because I have written extensively about my experience I have chosen to wait until I can attach a pdf document.    ,,USA    Q.,2001 2,religious,religious,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,Psychot,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3062,PLR,1006,31,,F,"I was meditating, as I had done hundreds of times before. All of the sudden, I had an experience that felt like a past-life experience. First, you should know that I am a petite female (52, very slender). But in my meditation, all of the sudden I was sitting on a horse and it was sometime around the 10th or 12th century. I was a large man. I could feel my heft. I was wearing a helmet and some kind of armor and vest that had a chain design of some sort. It was heavy.  I had just returned from war. I was going home to my wife and children. I was sitting on my horse, on a hill, looking down at the house towards the right. It was a very long single story house that had a series of very small windows that ran horizontally across the house, and it had a dark roof that looked like it was made of straw or some textured material. It was a dark color and I could see lights from candles inside the house. I knew my wife and children were in there, waiting for my return. I sat and looked at the house and had a feeling of sadness. I was happy to be home but I felt that this life was so hard, war was so hard. It was just a feeling of life being a burden, and feeling sad about all of it. The house was down towards my right, below the hill, and if I looked to my left I could see a harbor which is where I had some from. There were boats. I remember that it was very cold. And I remember that I could feel my heft. Like I could actually feel what it felt like to be that large. I knew what the name of the harbor was. Then all of the sudden I was standing on something that is hard to describe it was like a wooden platform or large wood cart with wheels and it was being pulled by horses. I was standing on it and holding the reigns while the horses pulled this thing I was standing on. We were entering a castle. I worked at the castle. I was some kind of fighter. And then I came up out of my meditation.    ",,U.S.    Q,1 mill,agnostic,agnostic,Jewish,Jewish,,,never,never,avera,very st,"0 24,999",docto,Graduat,,marri,marri,No,average    Q.,Neither pleasant nor distressi,adult
3063,ADC,1492,29,,F,"At the time, I had been teaching at a certain elementary school for about a year. I didnt really know any other teachers, just kept to those in my grade level. I had a dream one night about a co-workers father. I didnt know this co-worker, barely knew her first name. I didnt even talk to her as we werent even in the same grade level. It was odd that I would randomly dream about her as she was just an acquaintance. In the dream, I entered a bedroom of what seemed to be an older home. I saw this co-workers father, sitting up in a twin sized bed which was up against the wall. He was very happy, smiling, motioned me to come near him. I noticed his hands were at his heart, as if showing me he was in pain or had been in pain. Then he told me that his heart did indeed hurt, but that he wanted me to tell his daughter that he loved her very much. He did this without actually speaking. It was nonverbal communication. Thats all I remember about the dream.    ",,citizen,"50,000",religious,atheist,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",maste,element,,divor,divor,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3064,ADC,1203,40,,F,"He looked at me and said Hey, Lis. I jut stood there, did not step any closer toward the car. He was the only one who called me Lis. I said hi back to him. he said he wanted to thank me for all the prayers and that he was ok now. he said did I know he would have been 50? I said I didnt realize that but I was 40 now and I know he was 10 years older. I felt surprised to see him. he looked so good, happy and healthy. he hadnt looked like that when he died.    ",,I am an A,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,moder,avera,"100,000+",colle,Nursw,,marri,marri,No,moderately str,All pleasant,adult
3065,SDE,1210,58,,F,    ,,British c,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Prefer no,Other,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",High,Self em,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3066,ME ,1507,20,,M,"After driving to my friends house after the concert we packed into his basement. No parents were home. Now at 12:30 at night I thought the effects of the mushrooms were wearing off. After staring at a spiral tapestry for a moment, I spun into a deep state of transcendence. I have had experience with psychedelics before in the past but never experienced anything close to what happened next. I sat in a circular cozy sofa and closed my eyes and my consciousness entered a dimension where it felt as if I had tapped into an eternal network of knowledge. Bursts of ideas regarding life and its wonders popped into my consciousness like bubbles, each identifying value which could not be explained by words very easily. An understanding of love was undeniable as it clearly is the adhesive force binding all of life. I understood that life requires a balance of the extremes and that death is nothing to fear but simply the critical point where our spirits transcend the physical realm. I could not see anything worth noting but the knowledge brought to my attention introduced me to the most profound spiritual presence I could ever ask to experience. This went o for roughly 5 hours as I would open my eyes occasionally and enter reality briefly only yo close them and dive back into the network.    ",,    Q.  Q,1 2000,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,week,moder,moder,"0 24,999",Did not,Student,,single,single,Unc,moderately str,All pleasant,youth
3067,ME ,1496,28,,M,"In the dream, I was sitting looking into a room through a scrim of some sort so I could see but not be seen. Next to me was my wife at the time. Everything was suffused with a gold light and in the room ahead I could see a body lying on a bier. My wife said, Look, youre dead. I said, No, Im just sleeping. There seemed to be no contradiction at the time to being the observer of my body in the other room. She said, Look at the people. Indeed, there were people walking by the bier and I could see by their faces they were there paying their last respects. It struck me then that I had indeed died. I was almost immediately filled with enormous pain, sorrow and regret. I had all kinds of things I still planned to do. If I were to die there were people I wanted to say goodbye to but the time had passed. I could not go back or speak to any of the people in the other room in any way they could understand. The pain and regret lasted perhaps 20 minutes (in dream time) and my companion waited patiently until I was ready to move on. During those 20 minutes all the prior things that had seemed so important just faded away. I was now on a new and different journey where nothing of my previous life was important or relevant any more. I was not ready to move on, but I awoke with all Id seen. The dream is still vivid and relevant to me.    ",,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,moder,"25,000 49",maste,mechani,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3068,ME ,1424,52,,F,"I believed, but did not know God exists. Now, I am certain. I dreamed of information that I had no knowledge of, and thus, could not have come from my subconscious. Later, when frightful dread permeated my mind and body, a suffering that could crush a soul, as my husband underwent quadruple bypass surgery on October 8, 2012, the information provided Divine Comfort. I am reverently thankful to the Divine Comfort that I held on to during the terrifying hours. While I prayed, the dream where my husband said, Just for 2 &#189; hours, was with me, together with the faith that I will have him back, alive and well, after that. Many thanks, all-good and all-loving God, for embracing my husband, our family, and me, especially through the very difficult 2 &#189; hours.    ",,US citize,2001 2,spiritual,spiritual,Other,Other,,,seld,seldom,very strong,littl,"100,000+",colle,Busines,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3069,ME ,1241,40,,M,"I dont remember precisely when it occured...whether it was a few hours later, or that night...but I felt an explosion of energy within my consciousness. The spaces between my thoughts, the stillness from which all thought arises, became alive as a vibrating, pulsating energy. I use the analogy of imagining that there was some kind of cosmic generator attached to me with a cord to the back of my head. This generator was directly attached to the very stuff of consciousness; to the energy which is present in the stillness which lies behind thoughts and emotions. And this generator was gradually turning up the juice; as much as I could handle. This energy was not experienced as a physical sensation (although there were some physical correlates to it). It was directly tied to my consciousness. At first it felt as though the energy w    ",,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Jewish,Other,,,weekly,never,very strong,littl,"0 24,999",maste,Social,,single,single,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3070,ME ,1558,49,,F,In the video we observed a light blue round object (Orb) fly in at a fast speed and bounce around as it watched the balloons fly away in the far.    ,,US Citize,"25,000",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,never,very strong,very st,"25,000 49",High,Medical,,marri,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3071,NDA,1245,37,,F,"It was beautiful, calm and peaceful. I felt at peace with the death of a 21 year old woman my sense was that she was leaving earth only, but only to go elsewhere.     ",,US Citize,"100,00",spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,seld,seldom,very strong,avera,"50,000 99",some,Executi,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
3072,DEE,1468,64,,F,    ,,US Citize,1 2000,spiritual,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"50,000 99",colle,I have,,single,marri,No,very strong    Q,All pleasant,senior
3073,PLR,1199,37,,M,"When I looked at the map, it took me to India. Now, it is important to know that I had NEVER studied anything about India or its culture up to this point, even though I have always cooked with their spices, been attracted to their clothing, and always felt drawn to learning Ayurveda.  On the map of India, it drew me to an area called Gujarat (again, I had never heard of this place, but when I googled it, it was exactly where I was shown on the map). Making things more interesting, one of my spirit guides is named Ajwa, and there are streets and parks in Gujarat named Ajwa.  The next thing I knew, I was mentally whisked to a beautiful area, and to a house where I lived with my mother and father. At first it was nice and peaceful and I felt at home. I was female and in brightly colored clothes that I loved. I remember the area was so green and lush. My mother and father there were my brother and wife in this life. This was the mid 1800s, and the British military were there.  They came in the night and took my mother away to rape and kill her. I remember the panic I felt knowing I would never see her again. What is really interesting is that prior to this event, I was always terrified of my wife getting kidnapped and killed. Since this event, I have no fear because I know it is left over from India. Anyway, the English soldiers came back the next day and burned our village. I was raped and my nipples cut off. I remember being held down in one of the buildings, like a stable, as others looked on. Interestingly, I have a birthmark under one of my nipples, and I have always hated having them touched. I was then killed...    ",,USA    Q.,"50,000",spiritual,spiritual,Unity,Unity,,,weekly,never,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Chiropr,,marri,marri,Yes,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,adult
3074,NDE,1415,3,,F,The eyes in the tunnel kind of scared me and the singing was weird and scary. But the warm breeze going thru me like I was made of smoke was so warm and smart. Filled with so much knowledge and more love than the earth can know.    ,,USA    Q.,1 mill,religious,spiritual,Christian,Christian,,,dail,week,very strong,very st,"100,000+",docto,Toddler,,single,marri,Unc,very strong    Q,Pleasant & distressing,youth
3075,ME ,1126,51,,F,"I felt at one with a far greater presence than I had ever felt...a loving, and entirely loving presence..... I think the presence was there to help me and to help my father as he passed from this world to the next. I felt I was being thanked for being with my father, and being shown a little of what Love really is. I felt immensely grateful and honoured by the exprience    ",,British C,1 2000,atheist,religious,Christian,Christian,,,weekly,week,very strong,very st,"0 24,999",maste,I ran a,,marri,divor,Unc,very strong    Q,All pleasant,adult
